altcoins; Bitcoin;	By allowing business owners to pay taxes in crypto, Ohio legislators are making a major push to support Bitcoin and other altcoins as viable forms of money.
processor; BitPay;	One key reason for this is the massive price volatility, which makes many merchants nervous to accept it — even though this is generally not something that they should worry about when using a payment processor such as BitPay or Coinbase.
processor; Coinbase;	One key reason for this is the massive price volatility, which makes many merchants nervous to accept it — even though this is generally not something that they should worry about when using a payment processor such as BitPay or Coinbase.
public taxes; property;	Florida County became the first U.S state to accept both Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash earlier this year as payment for public taxes such as property tax, driving license fees, and identity documents.
Bitcoin; utility;	Twenty-three kinds of taxes can be paid using Bitcoin including utility tax, sales tax, and employee holdings.
public taxes; property;	Florida started accepting Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash for public taxes such as property tax and driving license fees.
January; the sale;	After suspending a range of services in January, including the sale and purchase of XEM, Coincheck explained that the stolen XEM had been taken from a hot wallet instead of a more secure cold wallet.
January; purchase;	After suspending a range of services in January, including the sale and purchase of XEM, Coincheck explained that the stolen XEM had been taken from a hot wallet instead of a more secure cold wallet.
purposes; matters;	People would buy (the Harapan Coin) and the value would go up when it is used for government matters and other purposes,” Free Malaysia Today reported Samad as having said earlier this month.
providers; exchanges;	“[Consumers] may buy unsuitable products, face large losses, be exposed to fraud, struggle to access services or be exposed to the failings of providers such as exchanges.”
specific crypto-assets; “ bitcoin;	While this finding is perhaps less surprising than it may appear - as most users likely search for specific crypto-assets such as “bitcoin” or “ether”, rather than the umbrella term - it does seem to capture a general warming to blockchain and DLT technology in the business sector.
large corporations; giant IBM;	Buterin also shared his opinion on the generation of blockchain by computing giant IBM and other large corporations, in particular the lack of decentralization promoted by regulated industry,
a product; food;	Vitalik agrees that the idea of being able to effectively monitor and verify the source of a product especially food is a good one, yet the concern lies on whether the actors involved are correctly performing the task.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	A 27-year-old woman from New York has pleaded guilty of supporting the Islamic terror group ISIS using Bitcoin and other digital currencies.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	These six cards, with another ten cards in her name, were used to buy Bitcoin and other cryptos worth $62,703.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The raised funds were used to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which were then sent to various ISIS shell companies across the globe.
terrorist organizations; ISIS;	In September, during a Congressional House Financial Services Committee hearing, Fanusie revealed his findings that terrorist organizations such as ISIS have repeatedly failed to fund their criminal operation using cryptocurrencies.
France; Kepler;	It continues to clarify that KeplerK “must not be confused with companies approved in France such as Kepler Cheuvreux or Kepler capital markets, which have no connection with this activity.”
France; Kepler;	“PAYSAFEBIT SASU, which has a capital of 50,000 euros ($57,000), operating with the trade name KEPLERK, which is neither approved by a French nor a foreign authority, is not likely to provide any form of customer protection,” stated AMF, adding “KEPLERK must not be confused with companies approved in France such as Kepler capital markets as they have no connection whatsoever.”
digital assets; bitcoin;	Citing the seemingly volatile nature of bitcoin and other digital assets, the AMF has reportedly declared that the burgeoning digital assets class is only meant for institutional investors, high net worth individuals and financial experts, and not for “unsophisticated private investors.”
French financial heavyweights; the AMF;	Although blockchain-based virtual currencies are not outrightly banned in France as obtainable in a few crypto-unfriendly jurisdictions like China and some others, it’s worth noting that the AMF and other French financial heavyweights have always taken a strict stance towards digital assets.
analysts; Tone;	Speaking in an interview with CNBC November 26, Lingham, whose Civic 00 raised $33 million in an ICO last year but now trades below its original market cap, joined analysts such as Tone Vays in delivering a more bearish mid-term outlook for Bitcoin.
the thefts; computers;	Bulgarian police reportedly seized cryptocurrencies worth around $3 million, as well as the equipment allegedly used by the thefts, including computers, flash drives, and a hardware portfolio for storage of crypto data.
the thefts; flash drives;	Bulgarian police reportedly seized cryptocurrencies worth around $3 million, as well as the equipment allegedly used by the thefts, including computers, flash drives, and a hardware portfolio for storage of crypto data.
additional evidence; notebooks;	According to Reuters, police were able to seize nearly $3 million worth of cryptocurrencies, the computers the suspects used to commit the cyber theft, as well as additional evidence including notebooks the suspects used to keep track of the real and fake names they were using as part of their scheme.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Silk Road was a dark web drug-dealing marketplace where users could purchase marijuana, cocaine, and more using Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, before it was ultimately taken down in 2013.
news; tokens;	As a part of the Gold Label Project, information about Tron’s team members, real-time trading data, distribution of tokens and other news related to Tron will be readily available to the users.
different dollar-pegged stablecoins; USDT;	Binance currently supports four different dollar-pegged stablecoins, including USDT, USDC, TrueUSD (TUSD) and Paxos Standard Token (PAX).
different dollar-pegged stablecoins; USDC;	Binance currently supports four different dollar-pegged stablecoins, including USDT, USDC, TrueUSD (TUSD) and Paxos Standard Token (PAX).
different dollar-pegged stablecoins; TrueUSD;	Binance currently supports four different dollar-pegged stablecoins, including USDT, USDC, TrueUSD (TUSD) and Paxos Standard Token (PAX).
assets; USDC;	With the increasing number of stablecoins in 2018, Binance has accepted new types of assets, including USDC, a fully legalized coin used on Coinbase.
chains; BTC;	The ultimate goal of Craig is to make Bitcoin SV chain the most prominent Proof of Work chain and destroy all other chains including BTC.
users; Sashimi;	On the price front, it would appear users such as Sashimi expect big things for Bitcoin Cash SV.
thing; a free lunch;	There's no such thing as a free lunch, that is unless, of course, it's bitcoin at $120.
companies; ItBit;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
companies; Ledger;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
companies; Coinbase;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
companies; BitGO;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
exchanges; the New;	The chairman explained that stock exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq already have these monitoring tools in place.
companies; Fidelity;	A number of custody solutions have been explored by companies such as Fidelity Investments, Coinbase, Gemini, Bitgo, Itbit, Japanese bank Nomura, Goldman Sachs, Northern Trust and South Korea’s Shinhan bank.
options; enhanced room;	Through the partnership, Travala will gain access to a network of over 80 hotel suppliers, which will also include mapping inventory options such as enhanced room images and descriptions.
traditional finance; the Intercontinental;	The plans did not go ahead, and Nasdaq’s offering will likely now come to market later than multiple major competitors in traditional finance, including the Intercontinental Exchange’s Bakkt, which should launch physical Bitcoin futures Jan. 24.
preparations; Regulatory;	Regulatory and other preparations had forced executives to delay the rollout by around six weeks.
several notable cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This news comes after previous reports in the Abacus Journal, which cited a “trusted Nasdaq source” familiar with the matter, revealed that the financial giant is making a concerted effort to push forward the listings of several notable cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ethereum (ETH), as early as 2019.
several notable cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	This news comes after previous reports in the Abacus Journal, which cited a “trusted Nasdaq source” familiar with the matter, revealed that the financial giant is making a concerted effort to push forward the listings of several notable cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ethereum (ETH), as early as 2019.
the industry; Tom;	Many people in the industry including Tom Lee of Fundstrat, are very bullish on institutions introducing Bitcoin futures.
platforms; Twitter;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Reddit;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Twitter;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Reddit;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
products; Pro;	Now holders of these leading cryptos can purchase there subscriptions of µTorrent or BitTorrent products, including Pro and Ads Free for Windows.
products; Ads;	Now holders of these leading cryptos can purchase there subscriptions of µTorrent or BitTorrent products, including Pro and Ads Free for Windows.
µTorrent products; Ads;	Holders of the leading cryptocurrencies can purchase one-year subscriptions of BitTorrent or µTorrent products, including Ads Free and Pro for Windows.
achievements; Mainnet;	Founded in September 2017 by Justin Sun, the company has delivered a series of achievements, including Mainnet launch on May 2018, network independence on June 2018, and TRON Virtual Machine launch on August 2018.
µTorrent products; Ads;	From now on, holders of the leading digital assets will have the opportunity to purchase one-year subscriptions of BitTorrent or µTorrent products, including Ads Free and Pro for Windows.
platform; Dai;	” We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and we will introduce new stablecoin pairings as and when demand is high enough to list them on our exchange.”
platform; Dai;	” We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and we will introduce new stablecoin pairings as and when demand is high enough to list them on our exchange.”
enhancements; the “;	In addition to the closely watched xRapid integration that’s hoped to boost XRP adoption, the newest version of xCurrent includes a number of enhancements such as the “multihop” and “bulk FX” features which make payments and FX transactions faster and less expensive.
customers; Santander;	The rollout of xCurrent version 4.0 began in September and customers such as Santander, American Express and more are being transitioned to the new version.
customers; American;	The rollout of xCurrent version 4.0 began in September and customers such as Santander, American Express and more are being transitioned to the new version.
Asia; Japan;	Countries in Asia including Japan, South Korea, and China are undergoing a similar trend.
Asia; South;	Countries in Asia including Japan, South Korea, and China are undergoing a similar trend.
centers; mining;	Although the anticipated increase in electricity tax payments is projected to provide Norway with 10 million kroner ($1,160,500 as of press) in extra income, folks like Svensson argue that data centers, including mining operations, have positive effects on the economy.
conviniences; instant payments;	Moreover, up to 4,000 Swedes agreed to implant microchips, which allow for instant payments and other conviniences, such as opening doors with a wave of a hand.
tokens; VeChain;	The cryptocurrency market has added $11 billion to its valuation and tokens such as VeChain (VET), 0x (ZRX), and Zilliqa (ZIL) have recorded gains of around 15 to 20 percent.
Several tokens; Zilliqa;	Several tokens, including Zilliqa, that are anticipating the completion of major network upgrades and improvements in the upcoming weeks have increased in value against most large-scale cryptocurrencies.
exposure; institutional players;	As part of that maturation, we see more and more sophisticated investors and traders from more established financial markets looking to gain exposure, including institutional players.
exposure; institutional players;	“As part of that maturation, we see more and more sophisticated investors and traders from more established financial markets looking to gain exposure, including institutional players.
projects; BitShares;	While the skepticism may not be entirely founded, Larimer has failed projects such as BitShares under his belt.
similar accusations; the pre-mine;	The Steemit ecosystem has seen similar accusations, including the pre-mine, and the early moves by the founders to reap gains and later sell off the asset.
a token; STEEM;	Plus, the value of employees' salaries is not necessarily tied to the value of a token such as STEEM.
popular applications; Instagram;	Although Steemit’s current situation looks dire, Scott reaffirmed his commitment to the cryptocurrency industry, noting that he still believes that the markets have tremendous potential and that Steemit could still one day rival popular applications including Instagram and Reddit.
popular applications; Reddit;	Although Steemit’s current situation looks dire, Scott reaffirmed his commitment to the cryptocurrency industry, noting that he still believes that the markets have tremendous potential and that Steemit could still one day rival popular applications including Instagram and Reddit.
services; a custody;	The exchange will be offering four main crypto services including a custody service and a fiat-to-crypto exchange in partnership with Binance.
cryptoassets; tokens;	One is a trading platform for security tokens and other cryptoassets.
payments; credit;	Later on SIRIN LABS website will offer additional channels of payments, including credit card."
some markets; Bitstamp;	On November 25, Bitcoin hit its lowest for the year at $3,500, sinking even lower on some markets such as Bitstamp and Kraken.
some markets; Kraken;	On November 25, Bitcoin hit its lowest for the year at $3,500, sinking even lower on some markets such as Bitstamp and Kraken.
different factors; Nasdaq;	The cryptocurrency’s price rise has been attributed to a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that despite the recent market sell-off, it still plans to launch bitcoin futures contracts.
different factors; the world;	The cryptocurrency’s price rise has been attributed to a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that despite the recent market sell-off, it still plans to launch bitcoin futures contracts.
endorsements; business;	The article went on to list several celebrity endorsements, including business magnate and billlionaire Richard Branson, while enticing naive readers to invest in CashlessPay Group - the firm supposedly chosen by the Singapore government to create the new cryptocurrency.
personal data; email;	Then, a registration form accessible at the top of the website  asks users to fill in their personal data, including email address and phone number.
institutions; banks;	Although blockchain technology is being tested by an array of institutions including banks, warehouses, and fintech startups, the report notes that a number of regulatory and technical issues must be addressed before the emerging technology can be used on a wider scale.
institutions; warehouses;	Although blockchain technology is being tested by an array of institutions including banks, warehouses, and fintech startups, the report notes that a number of regulatory and technical issues must be addressed before the emerging technology can be used on a wider scale.
functionalities; real-time handling;	Results announced in March 2018 stated that blockchain technology delivered the expected business functionalities, including real-time handling, transaction status updates, full audit trails, visibility of expected and available balances, and real-time simplified account entries confirmation.
functionalities; transaction;	Results announced in March 2018 stated that blockchain technology delivered the expected business functionalities, including real-time handling, transaction status updates, full audit trails, visibility of expected and available balances, and real-time simplified account entries confirmation.
pairs; Ethereum;	The coin has also been listed on the 3XBIT exchange where it will be open for trading in Ethereum, Litecoin, and other pairs.
pairs; Litecoin;	The coin has also been listed on the 3XBIT exchange where it will be open for trading in Ethereum, Litecoin, and other pairs.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency networks harden their networks against these illicit schemes.”
rogue; Iran;	“Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies…to further their nefarious objectives,” Mandelker added.
hacks; attacks;	Iran is circumventing the sanctions by using ransomware attacks and other hacks to raise funds.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency networks harden their networks against these illicit schemes.
conduct; terrorism;	A recent report by FinCEN notes that Iranian funds are used for the “support of malign conduct, including terrorism, human rights abuse, and so forth.”
conduct; human rights;	A recent report by FinCEN notes that Iranian funds are used for the “support of malign conduct, including terrorism, human rights abuse, and so forth.”
malicious efforts; the targeting;	The Iranian government denies any such wrongdoing, but researchers say that the regime is backing such malicious efforts, including the targeting of the region’s oil and gas industry with cryptojacking attacks.
rogue; Iran;	Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies…to further their nefarious objectives.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency services harden their networks against these illicit schemes...We are publishing digital currency addresses to identify illicit actors operating in the digital currency space.
rogue; Iran;	Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies and weaknesses in cyber and AML/CFT safeguards to further their nefarious objectives.
States; Newark;	Part of the hackers’ targets included places in the United States such as Newark, Atlanta, the port of San Diego, the Transportation Department in Colorado, a medical laboratory, and a hospital.
States; Atlanta;	Part of the hackers’ targets included places in the United States such as Newark, Atlanta, the port of San Diego, the Transportation Department in Colorado, a medical laboratory, and a hospital.
States; the port;	Part of the hackers’ targets included places in the United States such as Newark, Atlanta, the port of San Diego, the Transportation Department in Colorado, a medical laboratory, and a hospital.
exchanges; CoinCheck;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
exchanges; Bithumb;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
exchanges; Yapizon;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
exchanges; Coinis;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency services harden their networks against these illicit schemes,” said Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Sigal Mandelker.
rogue; Iran;	”Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies and weaknesses in cyber and anti-money laundering/countering financing of terrorism safeguards to further their nefarious objectives.”
information; name;	Traditionally, OFAC has listed identifying information such as name, aliases, and place and date of birth.
information; aliases;	Traditionally, OFAC has listed identifying information such as name, aliases, and place and date of birth.
rogue; Iran;	Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies and weaknesses in cyber and [Anti-Money Laundering/ Combating the Financing of Terrorism] (AML/CFT) safeguards to further their nefarious objectives."
providers; exchangers;	"As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to US dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency services harden their networks against these illicit schemes," stated Mandelker.
countries; Iran;	They say they will “aggressively” crack down on the efforts of Iran and other countries to acquire US dollars and subvert banking blockades through the use of digital currencies.
services; platforms;	The new platform is another aspect of Amazon Web Services, Amazon’s cloud computing subsidiary which powers a large number of websites and services, including platforms like Netflix.
various crypto projects; Bitcoin;	Amazon’s cloud storage and to some degree other computational resources have been used on an ad-hoc basis for various crypto projects, including Bitcoin.
industries; health-care;	He pointed towards industries such as health-care records, supply-chain tracking, vehicle history records, and mortgages as some of the most common customer use cases.
open-source frameworks; Hyperledger;	The other product is called Amazon Managed Blockchain, which helps users to easily create and manage scalable blockchain networks through the usage of open-source frameworks such as Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Tron;	This integration will now allow all the users of the Torrent platform to make payments with cryptocurrencies such as Tron, Bitcoin, and Binance Coin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This integration will now allow all the users of the Torrent platform to make payments with cryptocurrencies such as Tron, Bitcoin, and Binance Coin.
firms; British Petroleum;	In November 2017, we reported that VAKT had been launched by a group of banking giants, oil companies, and commodity trading firms, including British Petroleum (BP), Equinor, Royal Dutch Shell, Gunvor, and Mercuria, which currently act as the first users of the platform.
Financing; digital letters;	Financing, including digital letters of credit, will be provided with a future link up to Geneva-based finance platform, Komgo.
purposes; banking;	Ledger wallets are built with an operative system called BOLOS, which is integrated into a EAL5+ secure chip, similar to those used for other purposes such as banking, credit cards or passports.
purposes; credit;	Ledger wallets are built with an operative system called BOLOS, which is integrated into a EAL5+ secure chip, similar to those used for other purposes such as banking, credit cards or passports.
several global exchanges; Binance;	In November, several global exchanges, including Binance, cut ties with Iran, according to members of the local crypto community.
methods; Qiwi;	Many platforms support popular payment methods such as Qiwi and Yandex Money, but credit/debit card purchases are also possible.
methods; Yandex;	Many platforms support popular payment methods such as Qiwi and Yandex Money, but credit/debit card purchases are also possible.
Peer-to-peer exchanges; Localbitcoins;	Peer-to-peer exchanges such as Localbitcoins are also available to Belarusians who want to trade their coins.
countries; Herzegovina;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
countries; Iran;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
countries; Myanmar;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
countries; Uganda;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
merchant; Bitcoin;	Compared to Bitcoin and other merchant focused coins, TRON seeks to build a multi-layered decentralized entertainment platform utilizing the TRX currency, with gaming being an obvious pillar to its development.
programs; Project;	With the addition of TRON Arcade, in conjunction to other programs such as Project Atlas, it’s becoming more clear that Sun and the Foundation are targeting developer interest as the path for TRX dominance in the industry.
Ethereum; transaction;	Sun has repeatedly espoused the benefits of TRX over Ethereum, including transaction speed and network scalability, in an effort to woo away talent from its most pressing competition.
multiple languages; Solidity;	Tron is trying to make it simple for developers to transfer over to their blockchain from others and offers compatibility with multiple languages including Solidity.
industries; consumer;	Additionally, the Foundation will also be stepping into various other industries, including consumer internet, social media, charity, enterprise solutions and entertainment.
features; immutability;	The blockchain’s unique features such as immutability, security, and decentralization enable more creativity in the gaming industry.
features; security;	The blockchain’s unique features such as immutability, security, and decentralization enable more creativity in the gaming industry.
industries; social media;	Launched in 2017, Tron is working towards the decentralization of the internet and is expanding into other industries such as social media, consumer internet, charity, and entertainment.
industries; consumer;	Launched in 2017, Tron is working towards the decentralization of the internet and is expanding into other industries such as social media, consumer internet, charity, and entertainment.
industries; consumer;	Additionally, the Foundation will also be stepping into various other industries, including consumer internet, social media, charity, enterprise solutions and entertainment.
ecosystem; some fundamental changes;	The Sapling upgrade brought a whole slew of new features and benefits to the ZCash ecosystem, including some fundamental changes that improve efficiency, security, and privacy for users.
support; regulatory green lights;	Other supported jursidiction may be added at a later date, pending regulatory green lights and other support statements.
the exchange; Ethereum;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
the exchange; Bitcoin;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
the exchange; Litecoin;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
the exchange; Ethereum;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
some markets; Binance;	Following the announcement, Zcash surged 15 percent to hit a nine-day high at $93.5, with some markets such as Binance registering as high as $99.
some platforms; Binance;	On some platforms such as Binance, the currency was trading just shy of $100.
some platforms; the currency;	On some platforms such as Binance, the currency was trading just shy of $100.
space; Shapeshift;	The company already cooperates with some of the leading platforms in the crypto space, including Shapeshift and Changelly.
space; Changelly;	The company already cooperates with some of the leading platforms in the crypto space, including Shapeshift and Changelly.
media; references;	Bitcoin is appearing more and more in popular culture outside the news media, including references in rap music lyrics and TV shows.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
the mainstream media; both praise;	A new report chronicles the coverage of cryptocurrencies from the mainstream media, including both praise and FUD.
the mainstream media; FUD;	A new report chronicles the coverage of cryptocurrencies from the mainstream media, including both praise and FUD.
accounts; Instagram;	Mayweather heavily promoted the ICOs on his popular social media accounts, including Instagram and Twitter, where he has millions of followers.
accounts; Twitter;	Mayweather heavily promoted the ICOs on his popular social media accounts, including Instagram and Twitter, where he has millions of followers.
cryptocurrency; ICOs;	As CCN reported in April 2018, legal experts warned that celebrity endorsers of ICOs and other cryptocurrency products could face legal action as regulators crack down on fraud.
cryptocurrency; fraudulent ICOs;	The SEC had announced that it had opened dozens of investigations into fraudulent ICOs and other cryptocurrency assets.
different factors; Nasdaq;	Notably, bitcoin’s recent rally was fueled by a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that it still plans on launching bitcoin futures, despite the months-long bearish trend.
different factors; the world;	Notably, bitcoin’s recent rally was fueled by a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that it still plans on launching bitcoin futures, despite the months-long bearish trend.
micro-architectural optimizations; selective hardwiring;	"Dedicated Bitcoin mining ASICs are used to implement multiple SHA-256 engines that may deliver a performance of thousands of hashes per second while consuming power of greater than 200 W. Embodiments of the present disclosure employ micro-architectural optimizations including selective hardwiring certain parameters in Bitcoin mining computation.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	According to Donovan, from the time bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies started rallying to stratospheric levels towards the end of last year, it should have been obvious to anyone with a ‘high school education in economics’ that it would end badly.
financial organizations; banks;	Melissa Lee asked Donovan if he implies that the people who left banks and other financial organizations to join or start crypto companies are “stupid.” Donovan replied that blockchains, the underlying technology of cryptocurrencies, has an economic proposition and has some hype building around it.
fiat currencies; USD;	San Francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase has quietly introduced free PayPal withdrawals for a number of fiat currencies including USD, EUR and GBP, AMBCrypto reports.
fiat currencies; EUR;	San Francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase has quietly introduced free PayPal withdrawals for a number of fiat currencies including USD, EUR and GBP, AMBCrypto reports.
fiat currencies; GBP;	San Francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase has quietly introduced free PayPal withdrawals for a number of fiat currencies including USD, EUR and GBP, AMBCrypto reports.
industries; the Internet;	The company claims that the BCS can be applied in most industries, including the Internet of Things (IoT), data applications and finance.
giant tech firms; Amazon;	In getting the award Buterin joined an enviable list of tech luminaries who had previously received the same since the beginning of the century such as the founder of Tesla, SpaceX and PayPal, Elon Musk as well as giant tech firms such as Amazon, IBM and Apple.
giant tech firms; IBM;	In getting the award Buterin joined an enviable list of tech luminaries who had previously received the same since the beginning of the century such as the founder of Tesla, SpaceX and PayPal, Elon Musk as well as giant tech firms such as Amazon, IBM and Apple.
giant tech firms; Apple;	In getting the award Buterin joined an enviable list of tech luminaries who had previously received the same since the beginning of the century such as the founder of Tesla, SpaceX and PayPal, Elon Musk as well as giant tech firms such as Amazon, IBM and Apple.
altcoins; XVG;	Bitcoin (BTC) prices and behavior are crucial to determine the behavior of XVG and other altcoins.
various organizations; ProShares;	As such, various organizations including ProShares attempted to circumvent the SEC’s ruling by introducing an ETF on top of a futures market.
coins; ZCash;	The Tron (TRX) cryptocurrency could soon join the list of privacy coins such as ZCash (ZEC), Monero (XMR) and Verge (XVG).
this year; the launch;	The Stripe-backed project has made much progress this year, including the launch of several security tokens, such as the Indonesian Diruna.
value; Stellar Lumens;	Most of the virtual currencies lost part of their value, including Stellar Lumens.
crypto-assets; Bitcoin;	India appears to have spearheaded the initiative Friday, presenting a nine-point list urging the G20 countries to combat “fugitive economic offenders” which also includes crypto-assets such as Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, as The Hans India reports.
related threats; laundering;	The objectives of the FATF are to set standards and promote effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
related threats; terrorist financing;	The objectives of the FATF are to set standards and promote effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
new technologies; cryptocurrency;	The statement affirms that an open financial system is crucial to support economic growth but also calls for international standards to regulate new technologies such as cryptocurrency.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
all political tools; digitalization;	As reported by FXstreet the organization confirmed its commitment to using all political tools, including digitalization of the global economy and crypto assets, to promote global growth.
issues; laundering;	To achieve this, the politicians have agreed to create a crypto regulatory policy compliant with the standards of FATF, an inter-governmental body created in 1989 to set and promote standards for dealing with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other issues that pose a threat to the global financial system.
issues; terrorist financing;	To achieve this, the politicians have agreed to create a crypto regulatory policy compliant with the standards of FATF, an inter-governmental body created in 1989 to set and promote standards for dealing with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other issues that pose a threat to the global financial system.
all political tools; digitalization;	As reported by Chepicap and FXstreet the G20 organization confirmed its commitment to using all political tools, including digitalization of the global economy and crypto assets, to promote global growth.
companies; exchanges;	Regulators can facilitate the growth of cryptocurrency companies, especially exchanges that require fiat on-ramps, by providing seamless access to legacy systems and banking services.
technological innovations; those underlying cryptoassets;	In July, a summary of interim decisions made by the dedicated Finance Ministers & Central Bank Governors said that “technological innovations, including those underlying cryptoassets, can deliver significant benefits to the financial system and the broader economy.” However, the document noted:
topics; a sustainable food;	Among topics such as a sustainable food future, infrastructure development, and global economic growth, crypto-asset regulation was also discussed.
threats; laundering;	The declaration represents an agreement to establish sound standards to deal with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other threats to the global financial system.
threats; terrorist financing;	The declaration represents an agreement to establish sound standards to deal with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other threats to the global financial system.
some countries; Brazil;	Moreover, many of the G-20 participants decided that cryptocurrencies needed to be examined further before making a concrete regulatory move, albeit some countries including Brazil stated that they won’t be following the G-20 recommendations.
various related problems; tax;	In July, a summary of provisional decisions made by the dedicated Finance Ministers & Central Bank Governors said that “technological innovations, including those underlying cryptoassets [sic], can deliver significant benefits to the financial system and the broader economy.” Nevertheless, the document also listed various related problems, including tax evasion and AML concerns:
Major cryptocurrencies; Stellar;	Major cryptocurrencies including Stellar (XLM) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) lost around 6 percent in value on average, demonstrating a lack of momentum and trading activity.
anything; emotionally-charged [;	User “theymos,” the high-profile /r/Bitcoin moderator at the center of the censorship controversy, has also defended his alleged censorship by noting that “posts about anything especially emotionally-charged [such as the about the block size debate] will be deleted unless they introduce some very substantial new ideas about the subject.”
all participants; token creators;	As such, all participants, including token creators, consultants and anyone participating in servicing a token sale, will have to comply with the regulations.
all participants; consultants;	As such, all participants, including token creators, consultants and anyone participating in servicing a token sale, will have to comply with the regulations.
all participants; anyone;	As such, all participants, including token creators, consultants and anyone participating in servicing a token sale, will have to comply with the regulations.
stocks; issuing;	Selling tokens in Singapore will, therefore, resemble the selling of stocks, including issuing and registering a prospectus with the MAS.
intermediaries; exchange;	The updated guidelines also include rules for ICO platform operators and other intermediaries such as exchange platforms, financial advisers, etc.
token offerings; several example;	The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) has issued a non-legally binding “guide” on how securities laws in the tiny country shall be applied to digital token offerings, including several example “case studies.”
public facilities; airports;	A blockchain exchange for municipalities, local authorities and public facilities such as airports could, it says, determine the “validity of permits and licenses to operate as hacks, taxis, or other for-hire services.” Further, if a vehicle is ticketed, that information could be shared with a blockchain run by the relevant authority.
fee; tolls;	Tying payments into the system would allow cars to maintain balances to cover charges related to tolls, parking and other fee based services, the filing adds.
fee; parking;	Tying payments into the system would allow cars to maintain balances to cover charges related to tolls, parking and other fee based services, the filing adds.
system; the availability;	Beyond route navigation, the patent proposes several types of information that can be shared via a blockchain system, including the availability of charging or refueling stations.
famous blockbusters; Minority;	We have seen countless movies predict the landings on Mars and space travel; we have been warned on the dangers of artificial intelligence in the Terminator series of movies; and we have also seen autonomous vehicles in famous blockbusters such as Minority Report and I Am Robot.
irregularities; manipulation;	Last month, the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), the national central bank, had already warned against “speculation, market manipulation and other irregularities” related to blockchain financing and investments, as Cointelegraph reported Nov. 7.
Any electronic device; smart meters;	Any electronic device such as smart meters, that measure energy consumption, is compatible with the Secure Element hardware.
many digital currencies; the top ones;	Though Kucoin exchange is a bit new in the crypto market, it has been able to house so many digital currencies including the top ones on its platform.
cryptos; bitcoin;	The future really looks promising for bitcoin and other cryptos.
institutional investors; hedge;	Several traditional and crypto players have been working on virtual coin-based derivatives as a way to diversify their portfolios and to attract institutional investors such as hedge funds in the digital currency market.
terrific customers; Yooya;	“Factom has been preparing for terrific customers such as Yooya since its first vision of the blockchain industry in 2013... Yooya has a robust business model that now has the advantages of a distributed ledger and the power of immutable data to create huge efficiencies in building things like a digital media exchange.”
many things; a digital media;	It has the benefits of a distributed ledger enhanced by the power of immutable data that creates significant efficiencies in building many things including a digital media exchange.
various cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The exchange, namely Coinzoom will support various cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash and XRP, while also offering fiat-to-crypto service on the platform.
various cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The exchange, namely Coinzoom will support various cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash and XRP, while also offering fiat-to-crypto service on the platform.
Cryptocurrencies; Zcash;	Cryptocurrencies such as Zcash and Monero fall under this category.
Cryptocurrencies; Monero;	Cryptocurrencies such as Zcash and Monero fall under this category.
areas; governance;	“Because of the significant impact in areas such as governance, data sharing agreement enforcement, and encrypted analytics interchanges, there are a wide variety of applications in government and the commercial marketplace that can benefit from successful product development.”
areas; data;	“Because of the significant impact in areas such as governance, data sharing agreement enforcement, and encrypted analytics interchanges, there are a wide variety of applications in government and the commercial marketplace that can benefit from successful product development.”
currencies; monero;	The new tool must be able to provide surveillance architecture specifically for privacy currencies such as monero and zcash.
currencies; zcash;	The new tool must be able to provide surveillance architecture specifically for privacy currencies such as monero and zcash.
projects; Classic Geth;	They worked full time on many core Ethereum Classic projects including Classic Geth, Emerald, SputnikVM, and Orbita.
projects; Emerald;	They worked full time on many core Ethereum Classic projects including Classic Geth, Emerald, SputnikVM, and Orbita.
projects; SputnikVM;	They worked full time on many core Ethereum Classic projects including Classic Geth, Emerald, SputnikVM, and Orbita.
teams; McIntyre;	Even though it appears that ETC community is not willing to fund ETCDEV, business dev of ETCDEV Donald McIntyre and other teams involved in Ethereum Classic development did express their willingness to help out and prevent the dramatically announced shutdown.
properties; code;	“We wish to announce that ETCDEV is currently experiencing an attempt to takeover all of its properties, including code, and an attempt to poach our developers, which we are trying to prevent.”
virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	Like Bitcoin and other virtual currencies, Ethereum Classic has suffered a massive sell-off amid the current crypto downturn.
firms; Barclays;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; Citibank;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; Accenture;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; BBVA;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; AlphaPoint;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; BNP;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
issues; poor liquidity;	As of now, Decentralized exchanges have issues such as poor liquidity, low user base, and thus lower trading volume.
issues; low user;	As of now, Decentralized exchanges have issues such as poor liquidity, low user base, and thus lower trading volume.
precious metals; gold;	Other stablecoins have experimented with gold and other precious metals, but the reliance upon familiar fiat choices has been the more popular route.
currencies; BNB–despite;	However, currencies such as BNB–despite their close association with the conflicting nature of exchanges–are providing a broader glimpse at the function of crypto in the right context.
stalwarts; Mike;	While most traditional media outlets have focused on the woe of the following prices for cryptocurrency into the final month of the year, industry stalwarts such as Mike Novogratz have pointed out the contradiction in value: that crypto adoption is broadening throughout 2018 despite the falling price.
firms; OK Blockchain;	The partnership with Binance and Tripio to open BNB to more than 450,000 hotels, following Tripio’s $20 million funding round in March led by major venture capital firms including OK Blockchain Capital, Ceyuan Ventures, Node Capital, F2Pool, and GENESIS Capital, represents an important milestone for cryptocurrency merchant adoption.
bears; Santa;	Bitcoin bears such as Santa Clara University Professor of Finance Atulya Sarin allege that this recent decline indicates that the market has entered a “death spiral,” since — so the argument goes — BTC derives its value from the cost of mining.
factors; market;	Even at levels of around $3,800, Bitcoin may be threatened by other factors, including market speculation, but an end to block production is highly unlikely.
cloud-mining services; Nicehash;	Rather, the developer claimed that the issue stemmed from cloud-mining services such as Nicehash.
firms; crypto;	The funding round also included participation from notable crypto industry firms, including crypto mining giant Bitmain and Ethereum development studio ConsenSys.
options; futures;	The spot contracts are scheduled to launch in Q2 2019, and the firm plans to offer futures and other options products beginning later in the year after receiving CFTC approval to operate as a Derivatives Clearing Organization (DCO).
companies; Nasdaq;	ErisX, a new regulated crypto derivatives exchange that is planning to offer digital futures and spot trading, has closed a $27.5 million Series B from major financial institutions and cryptocurrency companies, including Nasdaq Ventures, Fidelity, ConsenSys and Bitmain.
major institutional investors; Nasdaq;	Newly launched cryptoasset exchange, ErisX, has reportedly raised $27.5 million from major institutional investors including Nasdaq Ventures and Fidelity Investments.
major institutional investors; Nasdaq;	Newly launched cryptoasset exchange, ErisX, has reportedly raised $27.5 million from major institutional investors including Nasdaq Ventures and Fidelity Investments.
investors; CTC;	Moreover, ErisX is receiving additional support from existing investors including CTC Group Investments, Digital Currency Group, DRW Venture Capital, Pantera Capital and Valor Equity Partners.
giants; Fidelity;	A group of Wall Street giants, including Fidelity, pour $27.5 million into ErisX.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
digital currencies; Litecoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
attendance; the European Commission;	The four firms recently hosted the "Blockchain for Europe Summit," on November 27, 2018, with four of the largest European parliamentary groups interested in blockchain in attendance, including the European Commission's FinTech task force.
essential issues; transport;	Blokt reports that this event brought together global stakeholders who discussed essential issues such as transport, healthcare, governance and more.
essential issues; healthcare;	Blokt reports that this event brought together global stakeholders who discussed essential issues such as transport, healthcare, governance and more.
essential issues; governance;	Blokt reports that this event brought together global stakeholders who discussed essential issues such as transport, healthcare, governance and more.
issues; governance;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; healthcare;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; transport;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; trade;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; identity;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; financial market;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
various issues; identity;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
various issues; trade;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
various issues; governance;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
various issues; financial market;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
digital assets; technology;	He stated that it is a crucial period for policymakers to develop the right regulatory infrastructure to benefit blockchain technology and other digital assets.
issues; governance;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; healthcare;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; transport;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; trade;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; identity;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; financial market;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; governance;	Last month, it hosted the Blockchain for Europe Summit, where issues such as governance, healthcare, and trade were discussed along with how the distributed ledger technology could be integrated into them.
issues; healthcare;	Last month, it hosted the Blockchain for Europe Summit, where issues such as governance, healthcare, and trade were discussed along with how the distributed ledger technology could be integrated into them.
cases; governance;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; healthcare;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; transport;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; trade;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; identity;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; financial market;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
areas; education;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; transport;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; mobility;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; shipping;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; land;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
stakeholders; players;	The summit brought together blockchain industry leaders, regulators, policymakers, relevant industry players, academics, and other stakeholders to discuss use cases in government, healthcare, trade, identity, transport, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
stakeholders; academics;	The summit brought together blockchain industry leaders, regulators, policymakers, relevant industry players, academics, and other stakeholders to discuss use cases in government, healthcare, trade, identity, transport, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
platform; Dai;	We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and now proudly introduce the following established stablecoins: USDC, True USD, Paxos, and Gemini USD.
others; Binance;	Exchanges like Bitfinex appear ready to support anything their customers might use, while others such as Binance appear more reluctant to add stablecoin tokens without significant demand.
platforms; Bitfinex;	The “tether premium” on USDT-based exchanges now stands at 2.64 percent, down 1 percent from a month ago, suggesting that traders now perceive less risk with platforms such as Bitfinex, where USDT is complemented by five alternatives.
fiat-backed stablecoins; USDC;	This means that traders will be able to swap between fiat-backed stablecoins such as USDC and GUSD on a platform that does not require KYC.
fiat-backed stablecoins; GUSD;	This means that traders will be able to swap between fiat-backed stablecoins such as USDC and GUSD on a platform that does not require KYC.
DEXs; IDEX;	While this would have been unremarkable a few months ago, in a post-Etherdelta world in which DEXs such as IDEX are introducing mandatory verification, Trustless stands out.
platform; Dai;	We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and now proudly introduce the following established stablecoins: USDC, True USD, Paxos, and Gemini USD.
others; Binance;	Exchanges like Bitfinex appear ready to support anything their customers might use, while others such as Binance appear more reluctant to add stablecoin tokens without significant demand.
exchanges; Binance;	Other crypto exchanges including Binance have also embraced the flock of stablecoins recently and upgraded its indexes to reflect them all as a collective instead of individual coins.
platform; Dai;	We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and now proudly introduce the following established stablecoins: USDC, True USD, Paxos, and Gemini USD.
exchanges; Binance;	The addition of 4 new stablecoins follows a similar path by other exchanges such as Binance and Huobi.
exchanges; Huobi;	The addition of 4 new stablecoins follows a similar path by other exchanges such as Binance and Huobi.
exchanges; Gemini;	Such uncertainty has led to exchanges such as Gemini, creating their own stablecoin as well as Paxos Standard getting the credibility needed through being registered in the United States.
cryptography; things;	Ursa will also have implementations of newer, fancier cryptography, including things like pairing-based signatures, threshold signatures, and aggregate signatures, and also zero-knowledge primitives like SNARKs.
exotic cryptography; so-called “;	Currently, Ursa has two distinct modules: a library for modular, flexible, and standardized basic cryptographic algorithms, and a library for more exotic cryptography, including so-called “smart” signatures and zero knowledge primitives called zmix.
libraries; the Apache;	There aren’t raw crypto implementations in this library, things here are stable and generally standardized, says Hyperledger — but wrappers for code come from existing libraries and also code generated by commonly used cryptography libraries such as the Apache Milagro Crypto Library (AMCL).
blocks; signatures;	Our second initial subproject is zmix, which offers a generic way to create zero-knowledge proofs that prove statements about multiple cryptographic building blocks, including signatures, commitments, and verifiable encryption.
blocks; commitments;	Our second initial subproject is zmix, which offers a generic way to create zero-knowledge proofs that prove statements about multiple cryptographic building blocks, including signatures, commitments, and verifiable encryption.
functionality; “ smart ”;	One is a library that delivers “modular, flexible, and standardized basic cryptographic algorithms,” while the other is a much more ambitious library that includes modern blockchain functionality such as “smart” signatures and zero-knowledge proofs.
cryptography; things;	Ursa will also have implementations of newer, fancier cryptography, including things like pairing-based signatures, threshold signatures, and aggregate signatures, and also zero-knowledge primitives like SNARKs.”
crypto; Blocklancer.net;	It joins a range of freelance job boards where employers and workers spend and earn crypto, including Blocklancer.net and Ethlance, which allow freelancers to earn Ethereum, and Jobs4Bitcoins, a subreddit of over 20,000 subscribers connecting freelancers and employers.
crypto; Ethlance;	It joins a range of freelance job boards where employers and workers spend and earn crypto, including Blocklancer.net and Ethlance, which allow freelancers to earn Ethereum, and Jobs4Bitcoins, a subreddit of over 20,000 subscribers connecting freelancers and employers.
the currency; the launch;	Rather than just paying for the project, Xiaolai is going to have a hand in the development of the currency, including the launch of the coin.
blockchain; a DAG-based database;	Xiaolai is also experimenting with the creation of a DAG-based database and other blockchain products, in addition to the aforementioned stablecoin.
regular criminal activity; hacking;	Despite being in the driving seat for the project, the announcement comes just months after the billionaire investor made public that he would no longer invest in blockchain-based projects due to the lack of regulation and regular criminal activity, including hacking, associated with the industry.
Grandshores; the development;	The company announced that Li, best known as the founder of Bitfund, will head various projects at Grandshores, including the development of a stablecoin tied to the yen.
part; the establishment;	Li will mainly be responsible for various projects in which the company is taking part, including the establishment of a stable digital currency system (focusing on mainstream international currencies),” the company said in the announcement.
blockchain-related projects; technologies;	Within his new role at Grandshores Technologies, Li will also lead a number of initiatives including the establishment of a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)-based public database, development of Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) technologies, and other blockchain-related projects.
Grandshores; the development;	The company announced that Li, best known as the founder of Bitfund, will head various projects at Grandshores, including the development of a stablecoin tied to the yen.
part; the establishment;	Li will mainly be responsible for various projects in which the company is taking part, including the establishment of a stable digital currency system (focusing on mainstream international currencies),” the company said in the announcement.
evasion; names;	The NTA will be able to solicit information on customers who are suspected of tax evasion, including names, addresses, and 12-digit individual identification numbers.
evasion; addresses;	The NTA will be able to solicit information on customers who are suspected of tax evasion, including names, addresses, and 12-digit individual identification numbers.
businesses; exchanges;	Under the current legislation, crypto exchanges and other businesses serving as middlemen in the crypto area may provide the data on customers voluntarily, or refuse to do so.
cryptocurrencies; both fiat currencies;	Japan’s Tax Commission is reportedly planning to implement an improved system that would standardized the tax filing process and make it easier for taxpayers to calculate their profits on the sales of digital assets against both fiat currencies and other cryptocurrencies.
businesses; crypto exchanges;	The current framework allows crypto exchanges and other businesses that deal in cryptocurrency to provide data on customers voluntarily to the NTA, with the right to refuse to do so.
customers; names;	When reformed, the new system will allow the taxation authority to demand that  businesses hand over personal information of their customers, including names and addresses.
customers; addresses;	When reformed, the new system will allow the taxation authority to demand that  businesses hand over personal information of their customers, including names and addresses.
businesses; trading;	At the moment, the NTA just has the power to ask virtual currency trading and other businesses to provide information of their customers voluntarily.
exclusive services; a curated selection;	Poloniex, a top-15 cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and subsidiary of Circle, has announced new institutional accounts that offer a number of exclusive services, including a curated selection of crypto asset trading pairs, dedicated support and more advanced API services.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Institutions and traditional investors could help Bitcoin and other cryptos recover and start a new bull market in 2019.
corporate heavyweights; Microsoft;	Backed by such corporate heavyweights as Microsoft and Starbucks, Bakkt is described as “scalable on-ramp for institutional, merchant, and consumer participation in digital assets by promoting greater efficiency, security, and utility,” and is expected to be a revolutionary solution for the whole cryptocurrency world.
corporate heavyweights; Starbucks;	Backed by such corporate heavyweights as Microsoft and Starbucks, Bakkt is described as “scalable on-ramp for institutional, merchant, and consumer participation in digital assets by promoting greater efficiency, security, and utility,” and is expected to be a revolutionary solution for the whole cryptocurrency world.
giants; Coinbase;	In addition to industry giants such as Coinbase, non-crypto entities including Fidelity Investments, Intercontinental Exchange have signalled a commitment to serving the crypto sector.
giants; non-crypto entities;	In addition to industry giants such as Coinbase, non-crypto entities including Fidelity Investments, Intercontinental Exchange have signalled a commitment to serving the crypto sector.
additional perks; increased margin;	Moreover, the corporate account has additional perks such as increased margin borrow limits, and increased API rate limits.
exchanges; Kraken;	Other exchanges such as Kraken and Coinbase have also offered services to institutional clients.
exchanges; Coinbase;	Other exchanges such as Kraken and Coinbase have also offered services to institutional clients.
some new features; the options;	However, it contains some new features, including the options to link external addresses, create a mnemonic phrase for private keys and account balance tab.
some notable differences; a feature;	However, there were some notable differences such as a feature that would allow users to generate a 24-word mnemonic seed phrase for private keys.
Cash; the Coinbase;	The rise of Bitcoin Cash including the Coinbase listing fiasco led to a fast erosion of BTC pricing, as investors became unsure of which coin would reign supreme following the bull run.
scammers; the hacking;	The news comes amidst several other reports of scammers, including the hacking of the Make-A-Wish Foundation's website to illegally mine cryptocurrency.
major exchanges; ABCC;	Another factor that is facilitating Tron’s success is the recent listing on major exchanges such as ABCC exchange and the number of smart contracts on the blockchain has increased above 25%.
financial products; stocks;	Traders in NAGA can now exchange Bitcoin and Ethereum for stocks and other financial products.
financial institutions; banks;	This means that you could send XRP or dollars and the user could use something entirely new in order to receive in whatever currency they like, meaning that banks and other financial institutions can build on the network with little overhead – they don’t have to fully integrate with R3’s technology stack if all they want to do is enable their clients to receive deposits from Corda-enabled services.
different entities; banks;	The actual settlement notification is broadcast by a “settlement oracle,” which can be operated by a number of different entities, including banks, exchanges, you name it.
different entities; exchanges;	The actual settlement notification is broadcast by a “settlement oracle,” which can be operated by a number of different entities, including banks, exchanges, you name it.
financial institutions; banks;	It will thus allow banks and other financial institutions to build their blockchain networks with minimum overheads.
business; the financial industry;	R3, which has its headquarters in New York City, is an enterprise blockchain software company, working with a group of about 200 partnering firms in different key industries who research and develop distributed ledger usage in the financial industry and other business areas.
payment; banks;	Other Ripple decentralize financial tools that have also gained high patronage by banks and other payment processing firms are xCurrent and xRapid.
settlement; Corda;	r3 also mentioned that this has shown an imperative connection between digital assets and applications on Corda and other settlement systems.
crypto assets; XRP;	The app allows for the settlement of payment obligations that arise on the Corda Network via any parallel rail supporting cryptocurrencies or other crypto assets such as XRP.
fintechs; TransferWise;	In addition to Ripple, Swift is feeling the squeeze from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut that aim to offer better, faster and cheaper cross-border payments.
fintechs; Revolut;	In addition to Ripple, Swift is feeling the squeeze from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut that aim to offer better, faster and cheaper cross-border payments.
the trial; JP;	So far, a total of 15 banks are participating in the trial, including JP Morgan.
fintechs; TransferWise;	Besides Ripple, the SWIFT has been also feeling the pressure coming from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut which also aim to provide better, faster and less expensive cross-border payments.
fintechs; Revolut;	Besides Ripple, the SWIFT has been also feeling the pressure coming from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut which also aim to provide better, faster and less expensive cross-border payments.
Nodes; the Economic;	The new system will tokenize the status of all VeChain Nodes including the Economic Nodes and Economic X Nodes into their VIP 181 standardized “non-fungible” token.
multiple functions; DAPPs;	With multiple functions including DAPPs, payment, collectibles, as well as exchange and access to a wider blockchain marketplace in our future roadmap, the ‘Zion’ wallet operates through highly-secure Trusted Executive Environment (TEE) technologies.
multiple functions; payment;	With multiple functions including DAPPs, payment, collectibles, as well as exchange and access to a wider blockchain marketplace in our future roadmap, the ‘Zion’ wallet operates through highly-secure Trusted Executive Environment (TEE) technologies.
multiple functions; collectibles;	With multiple functions including DAPPs, payment, collectibles, as well as exchange and access to a wider blockchain marketplace in our future roadmap, the ‘Zion’ wallet operates through highly-secure Trusted Executive Environment (TEE) technologies.
cryptocurrencies; Ether;	The ruling added that because cryptocurrencies such as Ether, Ripple, and Litecoin are not physically manifested, they do not possess intrinsic value, and they are not backed by any government, the bank could not fully know about Orionx's financial activities, limiting the bank's ability to ensure compliance.
cryptocurrencies; Ripple;	The ruling added that because cryptocurrencies such as Ether, Ripple, and Litecoin are not physically manifested, they do not possess intrinsic value, and they are not backed by any government, the bank could not fully know about Orionx's financial activities, limiting the bank's ability to ensure compliance.
Cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin are not legally recognized in Chile, but they are not banned, either.
cards; Visa;	That compares with anything above $3 for popular debit and credit cards such as Visa or Mastercard.
cards; Mastercard;	That compares with anything above $3 for popular debit and credit cards such as Visa or Mastercard.
channels; Official McAfee;	They collected details by following announcements on several Telegram channels, including Official McAfee Pump Signals, and recorded the price changes and trading volumes of the selected coin.
services; Telegram;	In August, the Wall Street Journal claimed in a study that cryptocurrency price manipulation was largely conducted by organized “trading groups” using services such as Telegram.
crypto; Bitcoin;	You can now use Robinhood Crypto to trade Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto in the Prairie State!
crypto; Ethereum;	You can now use Robinhood Crypto to trade Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto in the Prairie State!
business; customer;	“Gretchen will oversee various operational functions that are critical to growing our business, including customer support.
US; Reserve;	The House Financial Services Committee oversees the SEC, as well as the US Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and other US financial services regulators.
traditional exchanges; Kraken;	He invited many players from the industry from venture capital firms that are actively investing in cryptocurrencies like Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, as well as cryptocurrency and traditional exchanges such as Kraken, Circle, Intercontinental Exchange, and Nasdaq.
traditional exchanges; Circle;	He invited many players from the industry from venture capital firms that are actively investing in cryptocurrencies like Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, as well as cryptocurrency and traditional exchanges such as Kraken, Circle, Intercontinental Exchange, and Nasdaq.
traditional exchanges; Intercontinental;	He invited many players from the industry from venture capital firms that are actively investing in cryptocurrencies like Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, as well as cryptocurrency and traditional exchanges such as Kraken, Circle, Intercontinental Exchange, and Nasdaq.
securities-related companies; Ripple;	Other members include non-profits like Coin Center and other cryptocurrency and securities-related companies such as Ripple, CoinList, and Harbor.
securities-related companies; CoinList;	Other members include non-profits like Coin Center and other cryptocurrency and securities-related companies such as Ripple, CoinList, and Harbor.
American bodies; the Security;	American bodies such as the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) for example are keeping a close watch on ICO’s whether it be shutting them down, or even warning individuals who market them hoping for investors to fall in a trap.
American bodies; Exchange;	American bodies such as the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) for example are keeping a close watch on ICO’s whether it be shutting them down, or even warning individuals who market them hoping for investors to fall in a trap.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Members of the party have been noted to be the most vocal in demanding clarity from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with regards to how to regulate Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the United States.
exchange; IDAX;	That’s why we’re excited to partner with a leading exchange such as IDAX, as we start to expand our InstantSend footprint globally.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	These have become the dominant tool for mining cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The platform will have a “Simple Buy/Sell” feature that will allow users to trade over 50 cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	The platform will have a “Simple Buy/Sell” feature that will allow users to trade over 50 cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
merchants; Overstock;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Microsoft;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Gyft;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Etsy;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Expedia;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
several coins; Bitcoin;	The ongoing bear market has not taken mercy on the cryptocurrency market with several coins such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH] and Bitcoin Cash [BCH] witnessing massive downward spirals.
the world; industry-leading regulators;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
the world; investors;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
the world; academics;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
the world; entrepreneurs;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
portfolios; Cryptocurrencies;	Gazprombank aims to help banks, wealth managers and other clients expand and manage their portfolios including Cryptocurrencies.
classes; cryptocurrencies.;	The system is meant “for the management of client portfolios across all asset classes, including cryptocurrencies.” The press release reports that this is the latest development in a preexisting relationship with the bank, noting that:
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	In the event, Lee spoke with HTC’s Decentralized Chief Officer Phill Chen and announced that HTC Exodus 1 will be supporting Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies.
projects; non-fungible token marketplaces;	0x Instant is already being hosted by a diverse set of projects including non-fungible token marketplaces, non-custodial crypto wallets, dapps, and even crypto price feeds.
projects; non-custodial crypto;	0x Instant is already being hosted by a diverse set of projects including non-fungible token marketplaces, non-custodial crypto wallets, dapps, and even crypto price feeds.
pages; ZRX;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; REP;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; OMG;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; DAI;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; MKR;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; BAT;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; REQ;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The other term used is “HODL” that stands for “Hold On for Dear Life”, referring to holding Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies instead of selling them.
ones; HODL;	The Founder was using the term on several occasions along with other ones such as HODL, and SAFU.
terms; BUIDL;	This was followed by CZ stating that pissed means “lawyers ready to go”, adding that trademarking terms such as BUIDL, which is widely used in the community hurts the company reputation instead of building it.
this point; a number;	However, the coin was not without its controversies leading to this point, including a number of members within cryptocurrency pointing the finger at the vitriol surrounding the BCH fork which kicked off November’s severe decrease in market valuation.
members; team;	The price flippening happened while a lawsuit was initiated against the Bitcoin Cash team and other members of the ecosystem.
markets; Bitcoin;	Interestingly, BSV is currently recording a massive 21.36% gains at the same time when the rest of the crypto markets, including Bitcoin, are seeing losses of more than 10%.
team; Sechet;	The Plaintiff accused Bitmain, Inc., Roger Ver, Jesse Powel, Amaury Sechet, and other team members for joining forces to manipulate BCH markets in order to make gains.
coins; the world;	Other coins, including the world’s largest cryptocurrency Bitcoin, also remained inside a negative territory owing to their respective fundamental and technical reasons.
cryptocurrencies; LTC;	CryptoCompare data shows other cryptocurrencies, including LTC, ZEC, and DASH are down anywhere between 10% and 15%, with XRP managing to go down only 6.7% to $0.305.
cryptocurrencies; ZEC;	CryptoCompare data shows other cryptocurrencies, including LTC, ZEC, and DASH are down anywhere between 10% and 15%, with XRP managing to go down only 6.7% to $0.305.
infrastructure; crypto exchanges;	It remains unclear what is driving the BSV rally and BCH sell-off, given that the latter retains more support among crypto exchanges and other infrastructure providers.
token-based projects; Bancor;	Additionally, token-based projects such as Bancor and KickCoin have moved in to freeze tokens after a hack.
token-based projects; KickCoin;	Additionally, token-based projects such as Bancor and KickCoin have moved in to freeze tokens after a hack.
BCH; UnitedCorp;	The suit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida alleges that the defendants jointly used unfair methods and practices to manipulate the BCH network for their benefit and detriment of UnitedCorp and other BCH stakeholders.
Bitcoin; UnitedCorp;	The defendants collectively engaged in unfair methods of competition and through a series of unconscionable, deceptive and unfair practices, manipulated the Bitcoin Cash network for their benefit and to the detriment of UnitedCorp and other Bitcoin Cash stakeholders.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In order to maintain confidence in cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin Cash, no person or entity can be allowed to control them.
interesting developments; countries;	Looking at the institutional interest in bitcoin, the possible taxation from countries and other interesting developments for the currency, such as increasing trust from tech companies, we might be seeing something very interesting in the making for the crypto industry, something not everyone can anticipate.
community; the Bitcoin;	The cryptocurrency community, especially the Bitcoin eco-system, has been shaken and speculate the reason for the price drop to SEC’s decision that was published on Thursday regarding the Bitcoin ETFs.
federal agencies; the CFTC;	 Section 3 of the bill states that within one year of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) must submit a report that examines the potential for price manipulation of cryptocurrencies and analyze what federal agencies such as the CFTC could do to conduct "market surveillance of virtual currencies for signs of manipulation" and to bring enforcement actions "against persons involved in such manipulation."
technology; Bitcoin;	“The existing communications and attribution structure of blockchain technology such as Bitcoin require identification of where the transactions are emanating and terminating, in order to maintain the ledger.
double digits; Bitcoin;	Additionally, a majority of the coins in the top ten were seen bleeding in double digits including Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], and XRP.
interactive systems; games;	Contents "can range from static 3D scenes to interactive systems such as games."
major coins; EOS;	However, other major coins such as EOS and Ethereum [ETH] have been facing the wrath of the bear and being pulled down to the soil.
major coins; Ethereum;	However, other major coins such as EOS and Ethereum [ETH] have been facing the wrath of the bear and being pulled down to the soil.
heavyweights; cardano;	The San Francisco-based Coinbase announced the move on Friday when it revealed that its adding support for a “broad range of assets” — more than 30 were explicitly named — including other market heavyweights including cardano (ADA), NEO, and tezos (XTZ).
controversial ones; zcash;	XRP investors had long complained that ripple was not listed on Coinbase, the most popular crypto exchange for first-time buyers in the US and many other jurisdictions, even as the company listed smaller cryptocurrencies such as 0x and seemingly more controversial ones such as zcash — which can be used to make anonymous transactions.
signs; public-facing APIs;	"As part of the exploratory process, customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets.
services; public-facing APIs;	The exchange warned its customers that some may see assets appear on public-facing APIs and other services before they are officially listed, but should that happen, Coinbase “cannot commit to when or whether these assets will become available.”
signs; public-facing APIs;	"As part of the exploratory process, customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets.
the coming months; dai;	In its largest listing spree to date, the California-based exchange will add dozens of cryptocurrencies in the coming months, including dai, mana and neo.
the coming months; mana;	In its largest listing spree to date, the California-based exchange will add dozens of cryptocurrencies in the coming months, including dai, mana and neo.
the coming months; neo;	In its largest listing spree to date, the California-based exchange will add dozens of cryptocurrencies in the coming months, including dai, mana and neo.
networks; NEO;	While focused on ERC20 tokens, the listing blitz will also include assets operating on other networks such as NEO and XRP.
networks; XRP;	While focused on ERC20 tokens, the listing blitz will also include assets operating on other networks such as NEO and XRP.
token-rich exchanges; Binance;	One of the main drivers behind Coinbase’s aggressive listing policy will be the desire to claim a slice of the trading volume being absorbed by token-rich exchanges such as Binance, which operates 393 markets.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Coinbase made record profits last year, but its financials for 2018 will show a major drop in revenue as market conditions have reduced the appetite among retail investors for cryptocurrencies such as BTC, ETH, and BCH.
cryptocurrencies; ETH;	Coinbase made record profits last year, but its financials for 2018 will show a major drop in revenue as market conditions have reduced the appetite among retail investors for cryptocurrencies such as BTC, ETH, and BCH.
aspects; compliance;	To achieve this goal, Coinbase uses its Digital Asset Framework which presupposes evaluation of such aspects as compliance, security and the project’s alignment with Coinbase’s mission to build a financial system that will be open for the entire world.
aspects; security;	To achieve this goal, Coinbase uses its Digital Asset Framework which presupposes evaluation of such aspects as compliance, security and the project’s alignment with Coinbase’s mission to build a financial system that will be open for the entire world.
aspects; the project;	To achieve this goal, Coinbase uses its Digital Asset Framework which presupposes evaluation of such aspects as compliance, security and the project’s alignment with Coinbase’s mission to build a financial system that will be open for the entire world.
signs; public-facing APIs;	“As part of the exploratory process, customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets.”
controversial ones; Zcash;	The exchange recently listed smaller coins such as 0x, controversial ones such as Zcash and that’s why Ripple’s fans did not understand why their beloved XRP doesn’t get support.
cryptocurrencies; Ripple;	Coinbase has announced that is exploring an additional 29 cryptocurrencies including Ripple, in addition to the previously announced Cardano and Stellar, bringing the total coins the firm is exploring to 31 in total.
signs; public-facing APIs;	Seeking to curb any rumors before they start to fester, Coinbase cautions that “customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets,” and that these signs shouldn’t be taken as confirmation that any assets are being listed, and that Coinbase will provide updates through its official channels.
altcoins; Basic Attention;	The last time Coinbase revealed a list of altcoins they were exploring, it was a batch of five altcoins including Basic Attention Token (BAT), Cardano (ADA), 0x (ZRX), Stellar (XLM), and ZCash (ZEC).
platform; Peter;	The announcement was made by key developers of the platform on their social media platform, including Peter Szilagi and Afri Schoedon.
terms; transaction;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
terms; execution;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
competitors; EOS;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
competitors; Cardano;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
competitors; Tron;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
competitors; Stellar;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
tools; Komodo;	Instead of general purpose blockchains, he favors newer tools such as Komodo and Tendermint that are designed for more specialized smart contracts.
tools; Tendermint;	Instead of general purpose blockchains, he favors newer tools such as Komodo and Tendermint that are designed for more specialized smart contracts.
platform; Peter;	The announcement was made by key developers of the platform on their social media platform, including Peter Szilagi and Afri Schoedon.
terms; transaction;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
terms; execution;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
hardware; ASICs;	ProgPoW aims to prevent miners from using specialized mining hardware such as ASICs.
brand; KFC;	“Having a globally recognized brand such as KFC accepting Dash payments in Venezuela is a great achievement for cryptocurrency and further validation of the continuing trend of Dash adoption not only from a user perspective, but now merchants as well.”
Dash; Subway;	KFC joins a growing list of other companies in Venezuela accepting Dash, including Subway, Papa John’s Pizza and Traki, the country’s largest department store.
Dash; Papa;	KFC joins a growing list of other companies in Venezuela accepting Dash, including Subway, Papa John’s Pizza and Traki, the country’s largest department store.
Venezuela; Subway;	KFC in Venezuela is accepting payments using the cryptocurrency Dash starting this week, joining a growing list of fast-food chains that accept crypto in Venezuela, including Subway and the Papa John’s pizza chain.
Venezuela; the Papa;	KFC in Venezuela is accepting payments using the cryptocurrency Dash starting this week, joining a growing list of fast-food chains that accept crypto in Venezuela, including Subway and the Papa John’s pizza chain.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Venezuelans reportedly favor Dash over Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies because of its relatively faster transaction confirmation times.
jurisdictions; York;	However, residents of the State of New York and other jurisdictions will not be able to access trading of these tokens until a later date.
own networks; ADA;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; EOS;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; NEO;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; XLM;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; XRP;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; Tezos;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
features; commands;	The app also supports shortcut commands and other features to make it intuitive and easy-to-use.
services; transfers;	Voice-based virtual assistants such as Amazon Alexa could help Cryptocurrency tremendously if Cryptocurrency transfers and other services could be activated on these type of devices.
altcoins; Bitcoin;	By allowing business owners to pay taxes in crypto, Ohio legislators are making a major push to support Bitcoin and other altcoins as viable forms of money.
processor; BitPay;	One key reason for this is the massive price volatility, which makes many merchants nervous to accept it — even though this is generally not something that they should worry about when using a payment processor such as BitPay or Coinbase.
processor; Coinbase;	One key reason for this is the massive price volatility, which makes many merchants nervous to accept it — even though this is generally not something that they should worry about when using a payment processor such as BitPay or Coinbase.
public taxes; property;	Florida County became the first U.S state to accept both Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash earlier this year as payment for public taxes such as property tax, driving license fees, and identity documents.
Bitcoin; utility;	Twenty-three kinds of taxes can be paid using Bitcoin including utility tax, sales tax, and employee holdings.
public taxes; property;	Florida started accepting Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash for public taxes such as property tax and driving license fees.
January; the sale;	After suspending a range of services in January, including the sale and purchase of XEM, Coincheck explained that the stolen XEM had been taken from a hot wallet instead of a more secure cold wallet.
January; purchase;	After suspending a range of services in January, including the sale and purchase of XEM, Coincheck explained that the stolen XEM had been taken from a hot wallet instead of a more secure cold wallet.
purposes; matters;	People would buy (the Harapan Coin) and the value would go up when it is used for government matters and other purposes,” Free Malaysia Today reported Samad as having said earlier this month.
providers; exchanges;	“[Consumers] may buy unsuitable products, face large losses, be exposed to fraud, struggle to access services or be exposed to the failings of providers such as exchanges.”
specific crypto-assets; “ bitcoin;	While this finding is perhaps less surprising than it may appear - as most users likely search for specific crypto-assets such as “bitcoin” or “ether”, rather than the umbrella term - it does seem to capture a general warming to blockchain and DLT technology in the business sector.
large corporations; giant IBM;	Buterin also shared his opinion on the generation of blockchain by computing giant IBM and other large corporations, in particular the lack of decentralization promoted by regulated industry,
a product; food;	Vitalik agrees that the idea of being able to effectively monitor and verify the source of a product especially food is a good one, yet the concern lies on whether the actors involved are correctly performing the task.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	A 27-year-old woman from New York has pleaded guilty of supporting the Islamic terror group ISIS using Bitcoin and other digital currencies.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	These six cards, with another ten cards in her name, were used to buy Bitcoin and other cryptos worth $62,703.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The raised funds were used to buy Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, which were then sent to various ISIS shell companies across the globe.
terrorist organizations; ISIS;	In September, during a Congressional House Financial Services Committee hearing, Fanusie revealed his findings that terrorist organizations such as ISIS have repeatedly failed to fund their criminal operation using cryptocurrencies.
France; Kepler;	It continues to clarify that KeplerK “must not be confused with companies approved in France such as Kepler Cheuvreux or Kepler capital markets, which have no connection with this activity.”
France; Kepler;	“PAYSAFEBIT SASU, which has a capital of 50,000 euros ($57,000), operating with the trade name KEPLERK, which is neither approved by a French nor a foreign authority, is not likely to provide any form of customer protection,” stated AMF, adding “KEPLERK must not be confused with companies approved in France such as Kepler capital markets as they have no connection whatsoever.”
digital assets; bitcoin;	Citing the seemingly volatile nature of bitcoin and other digital assets, the AMF has reportedly declared that the burgeoning digital assets class is only meant for institutional investors, high net worth individuals and financial experts, and not for “unsophisticated private investors.”
French financial heavyweights; the AMF;	Although blockchain-based virtual currencies are not outrightly banned in France as obtainable in a few crypto-unfriendly jurisdictions like China and some others, it’s worth noting that the AMF and other French financial heavyweights have always taken a strict stance towards digital assets.
analysts; Tone;	Speaking in an interview with CNBC November 26, Lingham, whose Civic 00 raised $33 million in an ICO last year but now trades below its original market cap, joined analysts such as Tone Vays in delivering a more bearish mid-term outlook for Bitcoin.
the thefts; computers;	Bulgarian police reportedly seized cryptocurrencies worth around $3 million, as well as the equipment allegedly used by the thefts, including computers, flash drives, and a hardware portfolio for storage of crypto data.
the thefts; flash drives;	Bulgarian police reportedly seized cryptocurrencies worth around $3 million, as well as the equipment allegedly used by the thefts, including computers, flash drives, and a hardware portfolio for storage of crypto data.
additional evidence; notebooks;	According to Reuters, police were able to seize nearly $3 million worth of cryptocurrencies, the computers the suspects used to commit the cyber theft, as well as additional evidence including notebooks the suspects used to keep track of the real and fake names they were using as part of their scheme.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Silk Road was a dark web drug-dealing marketplace where users could purchase marijuana, cocaine, and more using Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, before it was ultimately taken down in 2013.
news; tokens;	As a part of the Gold Label Project, information about Tron’s team members, real-time trading data, distribution of tokens and other news related to Tron will be readily available to the users.
different dollar-pegged stablecoins; USDT;	Binance currently supports four different dollar-pegged stablecoins, including USDT, USDC, TrueUSD (TUSD) and Paxos Standard Token (PAX).
different dollar-pegged stablecoins; USDC;	Binance currently supports four different dollar-pegged stablecoins, including USDT, USDC, TrueUSD (TUSD) and Paxos Standard Token (PAX).
different dollar-pegged stablecoins; TrueUSD;	Binance currently supports four different dollar-pegged stablecoins, including USDT, USDC, TrueUSD (TUSD) and Paxos Standard Token (PAX).
assets; USDC;	With the increasing number of stablecoins in 2018, Binance has accepted new types of assets, including USDC, a fully legalized coin used on Coinbase.
chains; BTC;	The ultimate goal of Craig is to make Bitcoin SV chain the most prominent Proof of Work chain and destroy all other chains including BTC.
users; Sashimi;	On the price front, it would appear users such as Sashimi expect big things for Bitcoin Cash SV.
thing; a free lunch;	There's no such thing as a free lunch, that is unless, of course, it's bitcoin at $120.
companies; ItBit;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
companies; Ledger;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
companies; Coinbase;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
companies; BitGO;	Various crypto companies including ItBit, Ledger, Coinbase, BitGO, and Gemini are already working on viable solutions.
exchanges; the New;	The chairman explained that stock exchanges such as the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq already have these monitoring tools in place.
companies; Fidelity;	A number of custody solutions have been explored by companies such as Fidelity Investments, Coinbase, Gemini, Bitgo, Itbit, Japanese bank Nomura, Goldman Sachs, Northern Trust and South Korea’s Shinhan bank.
options; enhanced room;	Through the partnership, Travala will gain access to a network of over 80 hotel suppliers, which will also include mapping inventory options such as enhanced room images and descriptions.
traditional finance; the Intercontinental;	The plans did not go ahead, and Nasdaq’s offering will likely now come to market later than multiple major competitors in traditional finance, including the Intercontinental Exchange’s Bakkt, which should launch physical Bitcoin futures Jan. 24.
preparations; Regulatory;	Regulatory and other preparations had forced executives to delay the rollout by around six weeks.
several notable cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This news comes after previous reports in the Abacus Journal, which cited a “trusted Nasdaq source” familiar with the matter, revealed that the financial giant is making a concerted effort to push forward the listings of several notable cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ethereum (ETH), as early as 2019.
several notable cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	This news comes after previous reports in the Abacus Journal, which cited a “trusted Nasdaq source” familiar with the matter, revealed that the financial giant is making a concerted effort to push forward the listings of several notable cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ethereum (ETH), as early as 2019.
the industry; Tom;	Many people in the industry including Tom Lee of Fundstrat, are very bullish on institutions introducing Bitcoin futures.
platforms; Twitter;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Reddit;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Twitter;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Reddit;	Until now, anyone wishing to redeem USDT for USD had to go to Bitfinex, which has had all kinds of complaints leveled against it by customers on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
products; Pro;	Now holders of these leading cryptos can purchase there subscriptions of µTorrent or BitTorrent products, including Pro and Ads Free for Windows.
products; Ads;	Now holders of these leading cryptos can purchase there subscriptions of µTorrent or BitTorrent products, including Pro and Ads Free for Windows.
µTorrent products; Ads;	Holders of the leading cryptocurrencies can purchase one-year subscriptions of BitTorrent or µTorrent products, including Ads Free and Pro for Windows.
achievements; Mainnet;	Founded in September 2017 by Justin Sun, the company has delivered a series of achievements, including Mainnet launch on May 2018, network independence on June 2018, and TRON Virtual Machine launch on August 2018.
µTorrent products; Ads;	From now on, holders of the leading digital assets will have the opportunity to purchase one-year subscriptions of BitTorrent or µTorrent products, including Ads Free and Pro for Windows.
platform; Dai;	” We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and we will introduce new stablecoin pairings as and when demand is high enough to list them on our exchange.”
platform; Dai;	” We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and we will introduce new stablecoin pairings as and when demand is high enough to list them on our exchange.”
enhancements; the “;	In addition to the closely watched xRapid integration that’s hoped to boost XRP adoption, the newest version of xCurrent includes a number of enhancements such as the “multihop” and “bulk FX” features which make payments and FX transactions faster and less expensive.
customers; Santander;	The rollout of xCurrent version 4.0 began in September and customers such as Santander, American Express and more are being transitioned to the new version.
customers; American;	The rollout of xCurrent version 4.0 began in September and customers such as Santander, American Express and more are being transitioned to the new version.
Asia; Japan;	Countries in Asia including Japan, South Korea, and China are undergoing a similar trend.
Asia; South;	Countries in Asia including Japan, South Korea, and China are undergoing a similar trend.
centers; mining;	Although the anticipated increase in electricity tax payments is projected to provide Norway with 10 million kroner ($1,160,500 as of press) in extra income, folks like Svensson argue that data centers, including mining operations, have positive effects on the economy.
conviniences; instant payments;	Moreover, up to 4,000 Swedes agreed to implant microchips, which allow for instant payments and other conviniences, such as opening doors with a wave of a hand.
tokens; VeChain;	The cryptocurrency market has added $11 billion to its valuation and tokens such as VeChain (VET), 0x (ZRX), and Zilliqa (ZIL) have recorded gains of around 15 to 20 percent.
Several tokens; Zilliqa;	Several tokens, including Zilliqa, that are anticipating the completion of major network upgrades and improvements in the upcoming weeks have increased in value against most large-scale cryptocurrencies.
exposure; institutional players;	As part of that maturation, we see more and more sophisticated investors and traders from more established financial markets looking to gain exposure, including institutional players.
exposure; institutional players;	“As part of that maturation, we see more and more sophisticated investors and traders from more established financial markets looking to gain exposure, including institutional players.
projects; BitShares;	While the skepticism may not be entirely founded, Larimer has failed projects such as BitShares under his belt.
similar accusations; the pre-mine;	The Steemit ecosystem has seen similar accusations, including the pre-mine, and the early moves by the founders to reap gains and later sell off the asset.
a token; STEEM;	Plus, the value of employees' salaries is not necessarily tied to the value of a token such as STEEM.
popular applications; Instagram;	Although Steemit’s current situation looks dire, Scott reaffirmed his commitment to the cryptocurrency industry, noting that he still believes that the markets have tremendous potential and that Steemit could still one day rival popular applications including Instagram and Reddit.
popular applications; Reddit;	Although Steemit’s current situation looks dire, Scott reaffirmed his commitment to the cryptocurrency industry, noting that he still believes that the markets have tremendous potential and that Steemit could still one day rival popular applications including Instagram and Reddit.
services; a custody;	The exchange will be offering four main crypto services including a custody service and a fiat-to-crypto exchange in partnership with Binance.
cryptoassets; tokens;	One is a trading platform for security tokens and other cryptoassets.
payments; credit;	Later on SIRIN LABS website will offer additional channels of payments, including credit card."
some markets; Bitstamp;	On November 25, Bitcoin hit its lowest for the year at $3,500, sinking even lower on some markets such as Bitstamp and Kraken.
some markets; Kraken;	On November 25, Bitcoin hit its lowest for the year at $3,500, sinking even lower on some markets such as Bitstamp and Kraken.
different factors; Nasdaq;	The cryptocurrency’s price rise has been attributed to a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that despite the recent market sell-off, it still plans to launch bitcoin futures contracts.
different factors; the world;	The cryptocurrency’s price rise has been attributed to a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that despite the recent market sell-off, it still plans to launch bitcoin futures contracts.
endorsements; business;	The article went on to list several celebrity endorsements, including business magnate and billlionaire Richard Branson, while enticing naive readers to invest in CashlessPay Group - the firm supposedly chosen by the Singapore government to create the new cryptocurrency.
personal data; email;	Then, a registration form accessible at the top of the website  asks users to fill in their personal data, including email address and phone number.
institutions; banks;	Although blockchain technology is being tested by an array of institutions including banks, warehouses, and fintech startups, the report notes that a number of regulatory and technical issues must be addressed before the emerging technology can be used on a wider scale.
institutions; warehouses;	Although blockchain technology is being tested by an array of institutions including banks, warehouses, and fintech startups, the report notes that a number of regulatory and technical issues must be addressed before the emerging technology can be used on a wider scale.
functionalities; real-time handling;	Results announced in March 2018 stated that blockchain technology delivered the expected business functionalities, including real-time handling, transaction status updates, full audit trails, visibility of expected and available balances, and real-time simplified account entries confirmation.
functionalities; transaction;	Results announced in March 2018 stated that blockchain technology delivered the expected business functionalities, including real-time handling, transaction status updates, full audit trails, visibility of expected and available balances, and real-time simplified account entries confirmation.
pairs; Ethereum;	The coin has also been listed on the 3XBIT exchange where it will be open for trading in Ethereum, Litecoin, and other pairs.
pairs; Litecoin;	The coin has also been listed on the 3XBIT exchange where it will be open for trading in Ethereum, Litecoin, and other pairs.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency networks harden their networks against these illicit schemes.”
rogue; Iran;	“Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies…to further their nefarious objectives,” Mandelker added.
hacks; attacks;	Iran is circumventing the sanctions by using ransomware attacks and other hacks to raise funds.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency networks harden their networks against these illicit schemes.
conduct; terrorism;	A recent report by FinCEN notes that Iranian funds are used for the “support of malign conduct, including terrorism, human rights abuse, and so forth.”
conduct; human rights;	A recent report by FinCEN notes that Iranian funds are used for the “support of malign conduct, including terrorism, human rights abuse, and so forth.”
malicious efforts; the targeting;	The Iranian government denies any such wrongdoing, but researchers say that the regime is backing such malicious efforts, including the targeting of the region’s oil and gas industry with cryptojacking attacks.
rogue; Iran;	Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies…to further their nefarious objectives.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency services harden their networks against these illicit schemes...We are publishing digital currency addresses to identify illicit actors operating in the digital currency space.
rogue; Iran;	Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies and weaknesses in cyber and AML/CFT safeguards to further their nefarious objectives.
States; Newark;	Part of the hackers’ targets included places in the United States such as Newark, Atlanta, the port of San Diego, the Transportation Department in Colorado, a medical laboratory, and a hospital.
States; Atlanta;	Part of the hackers’ targets included places in the United States such as Newark, Atlanta, the port of San Diego, the Transportation Department in Colorado, a medical laboratory, and a hospital.
States; the port;	Part of the hackers’ targets included places in the United States such as Newark, Atlanta, the port of San Diego, the Transportation Department in Colorado, a medical laboratory, and a hospital.
exchanges; CoinCheck;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
exchanges; Bithumb;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
exchanges; Yapizon;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
exchanges; Coinis;	Also, reports revealed Lazarus was responsible for high-profile attacks on exchanges including CoinCheck, Bithumb, Yapizon, Coinis, and YouBit.
providers; exchangers;	As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to U.S. dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency services harden their networks against these illicit schemes,” said Treasury Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Sigal Mandelker.
rogue; Iran;	”Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies and weaknesses in cyber and anti-money laundering/countering financing of terrorism safeguards to further their nefarious objectives.”
information; name;	Traditionally, OFAC has listed identifying information such as name, aliases, and place and date of birth.
information; aliases;	Traditionally, OFAC has listed identifying information such as name, aliases, and place and date of birth.
rogue; Iran;	Treasury will aggressively pursue Iran and other rogue regimes attempting to exploit digital currencies and weaknesses in cyber and [Anti-Money Laundering/ Combating the Financing of Terrorism] (AML/CFT) safeguards to further their nefarious objectives."
providers; exchangers;	"As Iran becomes increasingly isolated and desperate for access to US dollars, it is vital that virtual currency exchanges, peer-to-peer exchangers, and other providers of digital currency services harden their networks against these illicit schemes," stated Mandelker.
countries; Iran;	They say they will “aggressively” crack down on the efforts of Iran and other countries to acquire US dollars and subvert banking blockades through the use of digital currencies.
services; platforms;	The new platform is another aspect of Amazon Web Services, Amazon’s cloud computing subsidiary which powers a large number of websites and services, including platforms like Netflix.
various crypto projects; Bitcoin;	Amazon’s cloud storage and to some degree other computational resources have been used on an ad-hoc basis for various crypto projects, including Bitcoin.
industries; health-care;	He pointed towards industries such as health-care records, supply-chain tracking, vehicle history records, and mortgages as some of the most common customer use cases.
open-source frameworks; Hyperledger;	The other product is called Amazon Managed Blockchain, which helps users to easily create and manage scalable blockchain networks through the usage of open-source frameworks such as Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Tron;	This integration will now allow all the users of the Torrent platform to make payments with cryptocurrencies such as Tron, Bitcoin, and Binance Coin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This integration will now allow all the users of the Torrent platform to make payments with cryptocurrencies such as Tron, Bitcoin, and Binance Coin.
firms; British Petroleum;	In November 2017, we reported that VAKT had been launched by a group of banking giants, oil companies, and commodity trading firms, including British Petroleum (BP), Equinor, Royal Dutch Shell, Gunvor, and Mercuria, which currently act as the first users of the platform.
Financing; digital letters;	Financing, including digital letters of credit, will be provided with a future link up to Geneva-based finance platform, Komgo.
purposes; banking;	Ledger wallets are built with an operative system called BOLOS, which is integrated into a EAL5+ secure chip, similar to those used for other purposes such as banking, credit cards or passports.
purposes; credit;	Ledger wallets are built with an operative system called BOLOS, which is integrated into a EAL5+ secure chip, similar to those used for other purposes such as banking, credit cards or passports.
several global exchanges; Binance;	In November, several global exchanges, including Binance, cut ties with Iran, according to members of the local crypto community.
methods; Qiwi;	Many platforms support popular payment methods such as Qiwi and Yandex Money, but credit/debit card purchases are also possible.
methods; Yandex;	Many platforms support popular payment methods such as Qiwi and Yandex Money, but credit/debit card purchases are also possible.
Peer-to-peer exchanges; Localbitcoins;	Peer-to-peer exchanges such as Localbitcoins are also available to Belarusians who want to trade their coins.
countries; Herzegovina;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
countries; Iran;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
countries; Myanmar;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
countries; Uganda;	Users from Belarus, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Myanmar, Uganda and other countries received the following e-mail message from Binance in the past couple of days:
merchant; Bitcoin;	Compared to Bitcoin and other merchant focused coins, TRON seeks to build a multi-layered decentralized entertainment platform utilizing the TRX currency, with gaming being an obvious pillar to its development.
programs; Project;	With the addition of TRON Arcade, in conjunction to other programs such as Project Atlas, it’s becoming more clear that Sun and the Foundation are targeting developer interest as the path for TRX dominance in the industry.
Ethereum; transaction;	Sun has repeatedly espoused the benefits of TRX over Ethereum, including transaction speed and network scalability, in an effort to woo away talent from its most pressing competition.
multiple languages; Solidity;	Tron is trying to make it simple for developers to transfer over to their blockchain from others and offers compatibility with multiple languages including Solidity.
industries; consumer;	Additionally, the Foundation will also be stepping into various other industries, including consumer internet, social media, charity, enterprise solutions and entertainment.
features; immutability;	The blockchain’s unique features such as immutability, security, and decentralization enable more creativity in the gaming industry.
features; security;	The blockchain’s unique features such as immutability, security, and decentralization enable more creativity in the gaming industry.
industries; social media;	Launched in 2017, Tron is working towards the decentralization of the internet and is expanding into other industries such as social media, consumer internet, charity, and entertainment.
industries; consumer;	Launched in 2017, Tron is working towards the decentralization of the internet and is expanding into other industries such as social media, consumer internet, charity, and entertainment.
industries; consumer;	Additionally, the Foundation will also be stepping into various other industries, including consumer internet, social media, charity, enterprise solutions and entertainment.
ecosystem; some fundamental changes;	The Sapling upgrade brought a whole slew of new features and benefits to the ZCash ecosystem, including some fundamental changes that improve efficiency, security, and privacy for users.
support; regulatory green lights;	Other supported jursidiction may be added at a later date, pending regulatory green lights and other support statements.
the exchange; Ethereum;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
the exchange; Bitcoin;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
the exchange; Litecoin;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
the exchange; Ethereum;	The cryptocurrency joins a distinguished list of cryptos that are listed on the exchange, including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Litecoin and Ethereum Classic.
some markets; Binance;	Following the announcement, Zcash surged 15 percent to hit a nine-day high at $93.5, with some markets such as Binance registering as high as $99.
some platforms; Binance;	On some platforms such as Binance, the currency was trading just shy of $100.
some platforms; the currency;	On some platforms such as Binance, the currency was trading just shy of $100.
space; Shapeshift;	The company already cooperates with some of the leading platforms in the crypto space, including Shapeshift and Changelly.
space; Changelly;	The company already cooperates with some of the leading platforms in the crypto space, including Shapeshift and Changelly.
media; references;	Bitcoin is appearing more and more in popular culture outside the news media, including references in rap music lyrics and TV shows.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
the mainstream media; both praise;	A new report chronicles the coverage of cryptocurrencies from the mainstream media, including both praise and FUD.
the mainstream media; FUD;	A new report chronicles the coverage of cryptocurrencies from the mainstream media, including both praise and FUD.
accounts; Instagram;	Mayweather heavily promoted the ICOs on his popular social media accounts, including Instagram and Twitter, where he has millions of followers.
accounts; Twitter;	Mayweather heavily promoted the ICOs on his popular social media accounts, including Instagram and Twitter, where he has millions of followers.
cryptocurrency; ICOs;	As CCN reported in April 2018, legal experts warned that celebrity endorsers of ICOs and other cryptocurrency products could face legal action as regulators crack down on fraud.
cryptocurrency; fraudulent ICOs;	The SEC had announced that it had opened dozens of investigations into fraudulent ICOs and other cryptocurrency assets.
different factors; Nasdaq;	Notably, bitcoin’s recent rally was fueled by a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that it still plans on launching bitcoin futures, despite the months-long bearish trend.
different factors; the world;	Notably, bitcoin’s recent rally was fueled by a plethora of different factors, including Nasdaq, the world’s second-largest stock exchange, revealing that it still plans on launching bitcoin futures, despite the months-long bearish trend.
micro-architectural optimizations; selective hardwiring;	"Dedicated Bitcoin mining ASICs are used to implement multiple SHA-256 engines that may deliver a performance of thousands of hashes per second while consuming power of greater than 200 W. Embodiments of the present disclosure employ micro-architectural optimizations including selective hardwiring certain parameters in Bitcoin mining computation.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	According to Donovan, from the time bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies started rallying to stratospheric levels towards the end of last year, it should have been obvious to anyone with a ‘high school education in economics’ that it would end badly.
financial organizations; banks;	Melissa Lee asked Donovan if he implies that the people who left banks and other financial organizations to join or start crypto companies are “stupid.” Donovan replied that blockchains, the underlying technology of cryptocurrencies, has an economic proposition and has some hype building around it.
fiat currencies; USD;	San Francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase has quietly introduced free PayPal withdrawals for a number of fiat currencies including USD, EUR and GBP, AMBCrypto reports.
fiat currencies; EUR;	San Francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase has quietly introduced free PayPal withdrawals for a number of fiat currencies including USD, EUR and GBP, AMBCrypto reports.
fiat currencies; GBP;	San Francisco-based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase has quietly introduced free PayPal withdrawals for a number of fiat currencies including USD, EUR and GBP, AMBCrypto reports.
industries; the Internet;	The company claims that the BCS can be applied in most industries, including the Internet of Things (IoT), data applications and finance.
giant tech firms; Amazon;	In getting the award Buterin joined an enviable list of tech luminaries who had previously received the same since the beginning of the century such as the founder of Tesla, SpaceX and PayPal, Elon Musk as well as giant tech firms such as Amazon, IBM and Apple.
giant tech firms; IBM;	In getting the award Buterin joined an enviable list of tech luminaries who had previously received the same since the beginning of the century such as the founder of Tesla, SpaceX and PayPal, Elon Musk as well as giant tech firms such as Amazon, IBM and Apple.
giant tech firms; Apple;	In getting the award Buterin joined an enviable list of tech luminaries who had previously received the same since the beginning of the century such as the founder of Tesla, SpaceX and PayPal, Elon Musk as well as giant tech firms such as Amazon, IBM and Apple.
altcoins; XVG;	Bitcoin (BTC) prices and behavior are crucial to determine the behavior of XVG and other altcoins.
various organizations; ProShares;	As such, various organizations including ProShares attempted to circumvent the SEC’s ruling by introducing an ETF on top of a futures market.
coins; ZCash;	The Tron (TRX) cryptocurrency could soon join the list of privacy coins such as ZCash (ZEC), Monero (XMR) and Verge (XVG).
this year; the launch;	The Stripe-backed project has made much progress this year, including the launch of several security tokens, such as the Indonesian Diruna.
value; Stellar Lumens;	Most of the virtual currencies lost part of their value, including Stellar Lumens.
crypto-assets; Bitcoin;	India appears to have spearheaded the initiative Friday, presenting a nine-point list urging the G20 countries to combat “fugitive economic offenders” which also includes crypto-assets such as Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, as The Hans India reports.
related threats; laundering;	The objectives of the FATF are to set standards and promote effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
related threats; terrorist financing;	The objectives of the FATF are to set standards and promote effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
new technologies; cryptocurrency;	The statement affirms that an open financial system is crucial to support economic growth but also calls for international standards to regulate new technologies such as cryptocurrency.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
all political tools; digitalization;	As reported by FXstreet the organization confirmed its commitment to using all political tools, including digitalization of the global economy and crypto assets, to promote global growth.
issues; laundering;	To achieve this, the politicians have agreed to create a crypto regulatory policy compliant with the standards of FATF, an inter-governmental body created in 1989 to set and promote standards for dealing with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other issues that pose a threat to the global financial system.
issues; terrorist financing;	To achieve this, the politicians have agreed to create a crypto regulatory policy compliant with the standards of FATF, an inter-governmental body created in 1989 to set and promote standards for dealing with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other issues that pose a threat to the global financial system.
all political tools; digitalization;	As reported by Chepicap and FXstreet the G20 organization confirmed its commitment to using all political tools, including digitalization of the global economy and crypto assets, to promote global growth.
companies; exchanges;	Regulators can facilitate the growth of cryptocurrency companies, especially exchanges that require fiat on-ramps, by providing seamless access to legacy systems and banking services.
technological innovations; those underlying cryptoassets;	In July, a summary of interim decisions made by the dedicated Finance Ministers & Central Bank Governors said that “technological innovations, including those underlying cryptoassets, can deliver significant benefits to the financial system and the broader economy.” However, the document noted:
topics; a sustainable food;	Among topics such as a sustainable food future, infrastructure development, and global economic growth, crypto-asset regulation was also discussed.
threats; laundering;	The declaration represents an agreement to establish sound standards to deal with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other threats to the global financial system.
threats; terrorist financing;	The declaration represents an agreement to establish sound standards to deal with money laundering, terrorist financing, and other threats to the global financial system.
some countries; Brazil;	Moreover, many of the G-20 participants decided that cryptocurrencies needed to be examined further before making a concrete regulatory move, albeit some countries including Brazil stated that they won’t be following the G-20 recommendations.
various related problems; tax;	In July, a summary of provisional decisions made by the dedicated Finance Ministers & Central Bank Governors said that “technological innovations, including those underlying cryptoassets [sic], can deliver significant benefits to the financial system and the broader economy.” Nevertheless, the document also listed various related problems, including tax evasion and AML concerns:
Major cryptocurrencies; Stellar;	Major cryptocurrencies including Stellar (XLM) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) lost around 6 percent in value on average, demonstrating a lack of momentum and trading activity.
anything; emotionally-charged [;	User “theymos,” the high-profile /r/Bitcoin moderator at the center of the censorship controversy, has also defended his alleged censorship by noting that “posts about anything especially emotionally-charged [such as the about the block size debate] will be deleted unless they introduce some very substantial new ideas about the subject.”
all participants; token creators;	As such, all participants, including token creators, consultants and anyone participating in servicing a token sale, will have to comply with the regulations.
all participants; consultants;	As such, all participants, including token creators, consultants and anyone participating in servicing a token sale, will have to comply with the regulations.
all participants; anyone;	As such, all participants, including token creators, consultants and anyone participating in servicing a token sale, will have to comply with the regulations.
stocks; issuing;	Selling tokens in Singapore will, therefore, resemble the selling of stocks, including issuing and registering a prospectus with the MAS.
intermediaries; exchange;	The updated guidelines also include rules for ICO platform operators and other intermediaries such as exchange platforms, financial advisers, etc.
token offerings; several example;	The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) has issued a non-legally binding “guide” on how securities laws in the tiny country shall be applied to digital token offerings, including several example “case studies.”
public facilities; airports;	A blockchain exchange for municipalities, local authorities and public facilities such as airports could, it says, determine the “validity of permits and licenses to operate as hacks, taxis, or other for-hire services.” Further, if a vehicle is ticketed, that information could be shared with a blockchain run by the relevant authority.
fee; tolls;	Tying payments into the system would allow cars to maintain balances to cover charges related to tolls, parking and other fee based services, the filing adds.
fee; parking;	Tying payments into the system would allow cars to maintain balances to cover charges related to tolls, parking and other fee based services, the filing adds.
system; the availability;	Beyond route navigation, the patent proposes several types of information that can be shared via a blockchain system, including the availability of charging or refueling stations.
famous blockbusters; Minority;	We have seen countless movies predict the landings on Mars and space travel; we have been warned on the dangers of artificial intelligence in the Terminator series of movies; and we have also seen autonomous vehicles in famous blockbusters such as Minority Report and I Am Robot.
irregularities; manipulation;	Last month, the People’s Bank of China (PBoC), the national central bank, had already warned against “speculation, market manipulation and other irregularities” related to blockchain financing and investments, as Cointelegraph reported Nov. 7.
Any electronic device; smart meters;	Any electronic device such as smart meters, that measure energy consumption, is compatible with the Secure Element hardware.
many digital currencies; the top ones;	Though Kucoin exchange is a bit new in the crypto market, it has been able to house so many digital currencies including the top ones on its platform.
cryptos; bitcoin;	The future really looks promising for bitcoin and other cryptos.
institutional investors; hedge;	Several traditional and crypto players have been working on virtual coin-based derivatives as a way to diversify their portfolios and to attract institutional investors such as hedge funds in the digital currency market.
terrific customers; Yooya;	“Factom has been preparing for terrific customers such as Yooya since its first vision of the blockchain industry in 2013... Yooya has a robust business model that now has the advantages of a distributed ledger and the power of immutable data to create huge efficiencies in building things like a digital media exchange.”
many things; a digital media;	It has the benefits of a distributed ledger enhanced by the power of immutable data that creates significant efficiencies in building many things including a digital media exchange.
various cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The exchange, namely Coinzoom will support various cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash and XRP, while also offering fiat-to-crypto service on the platform.
various cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The exchange, namely Coinzoom will support various cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash and XRP, while also offering fiat-to-crypto service on the platform.
Cryptocurrencies; Zcash;	Cryptocurrencies such as Zcash and Monero fall under this category.
Cryptocurrencies; Monero;	Cryptocurrencies such as Zcash and Monero fall under this category.
areas; governance;	“Because of the significant impact in areas such as governance, data sharing agreement enforcement, and encrypted analytics interchanges, there are a wide variety of applications in government and the commercial marketplace that can benefit from successful product development.”
areas; data;	“Because of the significant impact in areas such as governance, data sharing agreement enforcement, and encrypted analytics interchanges, there are a wide variety of applications in government and the commercial marketplace that can benefit from successful product development.”
currencies; monero;	The new tool must be able to provide surveillance architecture specifically for privacy currencies such as monero and zcash.
currencies; zcash;	The new tool must be able to provide surveillance architecture specifically for privacy currencies such as monero and zcash.
projects; Classic Geth;	They worked full time on many core Ethereum Classic projects including Classic Geth, Emerald, SputnikVM, and Orbita.
projects; Emerald;	They worked full time on many core Ethereum Classic projects including Classic Geth, Emerald, SputnikVM, and Orbita.
projects; SputnikVM;	They worked full time on many core Ethereum Classic projects including Classic Geth, Emerald, SputnikVM, and Orbita.
teams; McIntyre;	Even though it appears that ETC community is not willing to fund ETCDEV, business dev of ETCDEV Donald McIntyre and other teams involved in Ethereum Classic development did express their willingness to help out and prevent the dramatically announced shutdown.
properties; code;	“We wish to announce that ETCDEV is currently experiencing an attempt to takeover all of its properties, including code, and an attempt to poach our developers, which we are trying to prevent.”
virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	Like Bitcoin and other virtual currencies, Ethereum Classic has suffered a massive sell-off amid the current crypto downturn.
firms; Barclays;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; Citibank;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; Accenture;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; BBVA;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; AlphaPoint;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
firms; BNP;	The company also leads a blockchain-oriented consortium that includes more than 200 firms, including Barclays, Citibank, Accenture, BBVA, AlphaPoint, BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse, Danske Bank, SBI, Standard Chartered, Huawei, and more.
issues; poor liquidity;	As of now, Decentralized exchanges have issues such as poor liquidity, low user base, and thus lower trading volume.
issues; low user;	As of now, Decentralized exchanges have issues such as poor liquidity, low user base, and thus lower trading volume.
precious metals; gold;	Other stablecoins have experimented with gold and other precious metals, but the reliance upon familiar fiat choices has been the more popular route.
currencies; BNB–despite;	However, currencies such as BNB–despite their close association with the conflicting nature of exchanges–are providing a broader glimpse at the function of crypto in the right context.
stalwarts; Mike;	While most traditional media outlets have focused on the woe of the following prices for cryptocurrency into the final month of the year, industry stalwarts such as Mike Novogratz have pointed out the contradiction in value: that crypto adoption is broadening throughout 2018 despite the falling price.
firms; OK Blockchain;	The partnership with Binance and Tripio to open BNB to more than 450,000 hotels, following Tripio’s $20 million funding round in March led by major venture capital firms including OK Blockchain Capital, Ceyuan Ventures, Node Capital, F2Pool, and GENESIS Capital, represents an important milestone for cryptocurrency merchant adoption.
bears; Santa;	Bitcoin bears such as Santa Clara University Professor of Finance Atulya Sarin allege that this recent decline indicates that the market has entered a “death spiral,” since — so the argument goes — BTC derives its value from the cost of mining.
factors; market;	Even at levels of around $3,800, Bitcoin may be threatened by other factors, including market speculation, but an end to block production is highly unlikely.
cloud-mining services; Nicehash;	Rather, the developer claimed that the issue stemmed from cloud-mining services such as Nicehash.
firms; crypto;	The funding round also included participation from notable crypto industry firms, including crypto mining giant Bitmain and Ethereum development studio ConsenSys.
options; futures;	The spot contracts are scheduled to launch in Q2 2019, and the firm plans to offer futures and other options products beginning later in the year after receiving CFTC approval to operate as a Derivatives Clearing Organization (DCO).
companies; Nasdaq;	ErisX, a new regulated crypto derivatives exchange that is planning to offer digital futures and spot trading, has closed a $27.5 million Series B from major financial institutions and cryptocurrency companies, including Nasdaq Ventures, Fidelity, ConsenSys and Bitmain.
major institutional investors; Nasdaq;	Newly launched cryptoasset exchange, ErisX, has reportedly raised $27.5 million from major institutional investors including Nasdaq Ventures and Fidelity Investments.
major institutional investors; Nasdaq;	Newly launched cryptoasset exchange, ErisX, has reportedly raised $27.5 million from major institutional investors including Nasdaq Ventures and Fidelity Investments.
investors; CTC;	Moreover, ErisX is receiving additional support from existing investors including CTC Group Investments, Digital Currency Group, DRW Venture Capital, Pantera Capital and Valor Equity Partners.
giants; Fidelity;	A group of Wall Street giants, including Fidelity, pour $27.5 million into ErisX.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
digital currencies; Litecoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
attendance; the European Commission;	The four firms recently hosted the "Blockchain for Europe Summit," on November 27, 2018, with four of the largest European parliamentary groups interested in blockchain in attendance, including the European Commission's FinTech task force.
essential issues; transport;	Blokt reports that this event brought together global stakeholders who discussed essential issues such as transport, healthcare, governance and more.
essential issues; healthcare;	Blokt reports that this event brought together global stakeholders who discussed essential issues such as transport, healthcare, governance and more.
essential issues; governance;	Blokt reports that this event brought together global stakeholders who discussed essential issues such as transport, healthcare, governance and more.
issues; governance;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; healthcare;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; transport;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; trade;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; identity;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
issues; financial market;	The debate involved issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
various issues; identity;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
various issues; trade;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
various issues; governance;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
various issues; financial market;	They discussed various issues including identity, trade, governance, financial market infrastructure, healthcare, cryptocurrencies/tokens, and transport.
digital assets; technology;	He stated that it is a crucial period for policymakers to develop the right regulatory infrastructure to benefit blockchain technology and other digital assets.
issues; governance;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; healthcare;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; transport;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; trade;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; identity;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; financial market;	This event "brought together stakeholders from around the world, discussing issues such as governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies," and the debate "showcased the potential benefits both for policymakers and blockchain originating companies when they engage directly and transparently."
issues; governance;	Last month, it hosted the Blockchain for Europe Summit, where issues such as governance, healthcare, and trade were discussed along with how the distributed ledger technology could be integrated into them.
issues; healthcare;	Last month, it hosted the Blockchain for Europe Summit, where issues such as governance, healthcare, and trade were discussed along with how the distributed ledger technology could be integrated into them.
cases; governance;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; healthcare;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; transport;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; trade;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; identity;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
cases; financial market;	The international conference addressed blockchain’s potential across multiple sectors and use cases, including governance, healthcare, transport, trade, identity, financial market infrastructure and tokens/cryptocurrencies.
areas; education;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; transport;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; mobility;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; shipping;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
areas; land;	More specifically, the Mediterranean Seven sees DLT as a potential “game changer” in increasing the efficiency and transparency in areas such as education, transport, mobility, shipping, land registry, customs, company registry, and healthcare.
stakeholders; players;	The summit brought together blockchain industry leaders, regulators, policymakers, relevant industry players, academics, and other stakeholders to discuss use cases in government, healthcare, trade, identity, transport, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
stakeholders; academics;	The summit brought together blockchain industry leaders, regulators, policymakers, relevant industry players, academics, and other stakeholders to discuss use cases in government, healthcare, trade, identity, transport, financial market infrastructure, and cryptocurrencies.
platform; Dai;	We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and now proudly introduce the following established stablecoins: USDC, True USD, Paxos, and Gemini USD.
others; Binance;	Exchanges like Bitfinex appear ready to support anything their customers might use, while others such as Binance appear more reluctant to add stablecoin tokens without significant demand.
platforms; Bitfinex;	The “tether premium” on USDT-based exchanges now stands at 2.64 percent, down 1 percent from a month ago, suggesting that traders now perceive less risk with platforms such as Bitfinex, where USDT is complemented by five alternatives.
fiat-backed stablecoins; USDC;	This means that traders will be able to swap between fiat-backed stablecoins such as USDC and GUSD on a platform that does not require KYC.
fiat-backed stablecoins; GUSD;	This means that traders will be able to swap between fiat-backed stablecoins such as USDC and GUSD on a platform that does not require KYC.
DEXs; IDEX;	While this would have been unremarkable a few months ago, in a post-Etherdelta world in which DEXs such as IDEX are introducing mandatory verification, Trustless stands out.
platform; Dai;	We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and now proudly introduce the following established stablecoins: USDC, True USD, Paxos, and Gemini USD.
others; Binance;	Exchanges like Bitfinex appear ready to support anything their customers might use, while others such as Binance appear more reluctant to add stablecoin tokens without significant demand.
exchanges; Binance;	Other crypto exchanges including Binance have also embraced the flock of stablecoins recently and upgraded its indexes to reflect them all as a collective instead of individual coins.
platform; Dai;	We were the first to introduce alternative stablecoins onto our platform, including Dai (an Ethereum collateralised stablecoin), and now proudly introduce the following established stablecoins: USDC, True USD, Paxos, and Gemini USD.
exchanges; Binance;	The addition of 4 new stablecoins follows a similar path by other exchanges such as Binance and Huobi.
exchanges; Huobi;	The addition of 4 new stablecoins follows a similar path by other exchanges such as Binance and Huobi.
exchanges; Gemini;	Such uncertainty has led to exchanges such as Gemini, creating their own stablecoin as well as Paxos Standard getting the credibility needed through being registered in the United States.
cryptography; things;	Ursa will also have implementations of newer, fancier cryptography, including things like pairing-based signatures, threshold signatures, and aggregate signatures, and also zero-knowledge primitives like SNARKs.
exotic cryptography; so-called “;	Currently, Ursa has two distinct modules: a library for modular, flexible, and standardized basic cryptographic algorithms, and a library for more exotic cryptography, including so-called “smart” signatures and zero knowledge primitives called zmix.
libraries; the Apache;	There aren’t raw crypto implementations in this library, things here are stable and generally standardized, says Hyperledger — but wrappers for code come from existing libraries and also code generated by commonly used cryptography libraries such as the Apache Milagro Crypto Library (AMCL).
blocks; signatures;	Our second initial subproject is zmix, which offers a generic way to create zero-knowledge proofs that prove statements about multiple cryptographic building blocks, including signatures, commitments, and verifiable encryption.
blocks; commitments;	Our second initial subproject is zmix, which offers a generic way to create zero-knowledge proofs that prove statements about multiple cryptographic building blocks, including signatures, commitments, and verifiable encryption.
functionality; “ smart ”;	One is a library that delivers “modular, flexible, and standardized basic cryptographic algorithms,” while the other is a much more ambitious library that includes modern blockchain functionality such as “smart” signatures and zero-knowledge proofs.
cryptography; things;	Ursa will also have implementations of newer, fancier cryptography, including things like pairing-based signatures, threshold signatures, and aggregate signatures, and also zero-knowledge primitives like SNARKs.”
crypto; Blocklancer.net;	It joins a range of freelance job boards where employers and workers spend and earn crypto, including Blocklancer.net and Ethlance, which allow freelancers to earn Ethereum, and Jobs4Bitcoins, a subreddit of over 20,000 subscribers connecting freelancers and employers.
crypto; Ethlance;	It joins a range of freelance job boards where employers and workers spend and earn crypto, including Blocklancer.net and Ethlance, which allow freelancers to earn Ethereum, and Jobs4Bitcoins, a subreddit of over 20,000 subscribers connecting freelancers and employers.
the currency; the launch;	Rather than just paying for the project, Xiaolai is going to have a hand in the development of the currency, including the launch of the coin.
blockchain; a DAG-based database;	Xiaolai is also experimenting with the creation of a DAG-based database and other blockchain products, in addition to the aforementioned stablecoin.
regular criminal activity; hacking;	Despite being in the driving seat for the project, the announcement comes just months after the billionaire investor made public that he would no longer invest in blockchain-based projects due to the lack of regulation and regular criminal activity, including hacking, associated with the industry.
Grandshores; the development;	The company announced that Li, best known as the founder of Bitfund, will head various projects at Grandshores, including the development of a stablecoin tied to the yen.
part; the establishment;	Li will mainly be responsible for various projects in which the company is taking part, including the establishment of a stable digital currency system (focusing on mainstream international currencies),” the company said in the announcement.
blockchain-related projects; technologies;	Within his new role at Grandshores Technologies, Li will also lead a number of initiatives including the establishment of a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG)-based public database, development of Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) technologies, and other blockchain-related projects.
Grandshores; the development;	The company announced that Li, best known as the founder of Bitfund, will head various projects at Grandshores, including the development of a stablecoin tied to the yen.
part; the establishment;	Li will mainly be responsible for various projects in which the company is taking part, including the establishment of a stable digital currency system (focusing on mainstream international currencies),” the company said in the announcement.
evasion; names;	The NTA will be able to solicit information on customers who are suspected of tax evasion, including names, addresses, and 12-digit individual identification numbers.
evasion; addresses;	The NTA will be able to solicit information on customers who are suspected of tax evasion, including names, addresses, and 12-digit individual identification numbers.
businesses; exchanges;	Under the current legislation, crypto exchanges and other businesses serving as middlemen in the crypto area may provide the data on customers voluntarily, or refuse to do so.
cryptocurrencies; both fiat currencies;	Japan’s Tax Commission is reportedly planning to implement an improved system that would standardized the tax filing process and make it easier for taxpayers to calculate their profits on the sales of digital assets against both fiat currencies and other cryptocurrencies.
businesses; crypto exchanges;	The current framework allows crypto exchanges and other businesses that deal in cryptocurrency to provide data on customers voluntarily to the NTA, with the right to refuse to do so.
customers; names;	When reformed, the new system will allow the taxation authority to demand that  businesses hand over personal information of their customers, including names and addresses.
customers; addresses;	When reformed, the new system will allow the taxation authority to demand that  businesses hand over personal information of their customers, including names and addresses.
businesses; trading;	At the moment, the NTA just has the power to ask virtual currency trading and other businesses to provide information of their customers voluntarily.
exclusive services; a curated selection;	Poloniex, a top-15 cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and subsidiary of Circle, has announced new institutional accounts that offer a number of exclusive services, including a curated selection of crypto asset trading pairs, dedicated support and more advanced API services.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Institutions and traditional investors could help Bitcoin and other cryptos recover and start a new bull market in 2019.
corporate heavyweights; Microsoft;	Backed by such corporate heavyweights as Microsoft and Starbucks, Bakkt is described as “scalable on-ramp for institutional, merchant, and consumer participation in digital assets by promoting greater efficiency, security, and utility,” and is expected to be a revolutionary solution for the whole cryptocurrency world.
corporate heavyweights; Starbucks;	Backed by such corporate heavyweights as Microsoft and Starbucks, Bakkt is described as “scalable on-ramp for institutional, merchant, and consumer participation in digital assets by promoting greater efficiency, security, and utility,” and is expected to be a revolutionary solution for the whole cryptocurrency world.
giants; Coinbase;	In addition to industry giants such as Coinbase, non-crypto entities including Fidelity Investments, Intercontinental Exchange have signalled a commitment to serving the crypto sector.
giants; non-crypto entities;	In addition to industry giants such as Coinbase, non-crypto entities including Fidelity Investments, Intercontinental Exchange have signalled a commitment to serving the crypto sector.
additional perks; increased margin;	Moreover, the corporate account has additional perks such as increased margin borrow limits, and increased API rate limits.
exchanges; Kraken;	Other exchanges such as Kraken and Coinbase have also offered services to institutional clients.
exchanges; Coinbase;	Other exchanges such as Kraken and Coinbase have also offered services to institutional clients.
some new features; the options;	However, it contains some new features, including the options to link external addresses, create a mnemonic phrase for private keys and account balance tab.
some notable differences; a feature;	However, there were some notable differences such as a feature that would allow users to generate a 24-word mnemonic seed phrase for private keys.
Cash; the Coinbase;	The rise of Bitcoin Cash including the Coinbase listing fiasco led to a fast erosion of BTC pricing, as investors became unsure of which coin would reign supreme following the bull run.
scammers; the hacking;	The news comes amidst several other reports of scammers, including the hacking of the Make-A-Wish Foundation's website to illegally mine cryptocurrency.
major exchanges; ABCC;	Another factor that is facilitating Tron’s success is the recent listing on major exchanges such as ABCC exchange and the number of smart contracts on the blockchain has increased above 25%.
financial products; stocks;	Traders in NAGA can now exchange Bitcoin and Ethereum for stocks and other financial products.
financial institutions; banks;	This means that you could send XRP or dollars and the user could use something entirely new in order to receive in whatever currency they like, meaning that banks and other financial institutions can build on the network with little overhead – they don’t have to fully integrate with R3’s technology stack if all they want to do is enable their clients to receive deposits from Corda-enabled services.
different entities; banks;	The actual settlement notification is broadcast by a “settlement oracle,” which can be operated by a number of different entities, including banks, exchanges, you name it.
different entities; exchanges;	The actual settlement notification is broadcast by a “settlement oracle,” which can be operated by a number of different entities, including banks, exchanges, you name it.
financial institutions; banks;	It will thus allow banks and other financial institutions to build their blockchain networks with minimum overheads.
business; the financial industry;	R3, which has its headquarters in New York City, is an enterprise blockchain software company, working with a group of about 200 partnering firms in different key industries who research and develop distributed ledger usage in the financial industry and other business areas.
payment; banks;	Other Ripple decentralize financial tools that have also gained high patronage by banks and other payment processing firms are xCurrent and xRapid.
settlement; Corda;	r3 also mentioned that this has shown an imperative connection between digital assets and applications on Corda and other settlement systems.
crypto assets; XRP;	The app allows for the settlement of payment obligations that arise on the Corda Network via any parallel rail supporting cryptocurrencies or other crypto assets such as XRP.
fintechs; TransferWise;	In addition to Ripple, Swift is feeling the squeeze from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut that aim to offer better, faster and cheaper cross-border payments.
fintechs; Revolut;	In addition to Ripple, Swift is feeling the squeeze from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut that aim to offer better, faster and cheaper cross-border payments.
the trial; JP;	So far, a total of 15 banks are participating in the trial, including JP Morgan.
fintechs; TransferWise;	Besides Ripple, the SWIFT has been also feeling the pressure coming from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut which also aim to provide better, faster and less expensive cross-border payments.
fintechs; Revolut;	Besides Ripple, the SWIFT has been also feeling the pressure coming from fintechs such as TransferWise and Revolut which also aim to provide better, faster and less expensive cross-border payments.
Nodes; the Economic;	The new system will tokenize the status of all VeChain Nodes including the Economic Nodes and Economic X Nodes into their VIP 181 standardized “non-fungible” token.
multiple functions; DAPPs;	With multiple functions including DAPPs, payment, collectibles, as well as exchange and access to a wider blockchain marketplace in our future roadmap, the ‘Zion’ wallet operates through highly-secure Trusted Executive Environment (TEE) technologies.
multiple functions; payment;	With multiple functions including DAPPs, payment, collectibles, as well as exchange and access to a wider blockchain marketplace in our future roadmap, the ‘Zion’ wallet operates through highly-secure Trusted Executive Environment (TEE) technologies.
multiple functions; collectibles;	With multiple functions including DAPPs, payment, collectibles, as well as exchange and access to a wider blockchain marketplace in our future roadmap, the ‘Zion’ wallet operates through highly-secure Trusted Executive Environment (TEE) technologies.
cryptocurrencies; Ether;	The ruling added that because cryptocurrencies such as Ether, Ripple, and Litecoin are not physically manifested, they do not possess intrinsic value, and they are not backed by any government, the bank could not fully know about Orionx's financial activities, limiting the bank's ability to ensure compliance.
cryptocurrencies; Ripple;	The ruling added that because cryptocurrencies such as Ether, Ripple, and Litecoin are not physically manifested, they do not possess intrinsic value, and they are not backed by any government, the bank could not fully know about Orionx's financial activities, limiting the bank's ability to ensure compliance.
Cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin are not legally recognized in Chile, but they are not banned, either.
cards; Visa;	That compares with anything above $3 for popular debit and credit cards such as Visa or Mastercard.
cards; Mastercard;	That compares with anything above $3 for popular debit and credit cards such as Visa or Mastercard.
channels; Official McAfee;	They collected details by following announcements on several Telegram channels, including Official McAfee Pump Signals, and recorded the price changes and trading volumes of the selected coin.
services; Telegram;	In August, the Wall Street Journal claimed in a study that cryptocurrency price manipulation was largely conducted by organized “trading groups” using services such as Telegram.
crypto; Bitcoin;	You can now use Robinhood Crypto to trade Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto in the Prairie State!
crypto; Ethereum;	You can now use Robinhood Crypto to trade Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto in the Prairie State!
business; customer;	“Gretchen will oversee various operational functions that are critical to growing our business, including customer support.
US; Reserve;	The House Financial Services Committee oversees the SEC, as well as the US Treasury, the Federal Reserve, and other US financial services regulators.
traditional exchanges; Kraken;	He invited many players from the industry from venture capital firms that are actively investing in cryptocurrencies like Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, as well as cryptocurrency and traditional exchanges such as Kraken, Circle, Intercontinental Exchange, and Nasdaq.
traditional exchanges; Circle;	He invited many players from the industry from venture capital firms that are actively investing in cryptocurrencies like Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, as well as cryptocurrency and traditional exchanges such as Kraken, Circle, Intercontinental Exchange, and Nasdaq.
traditional exchanges; Intercontinental;	He invited many players from the industry from venture capital firms that are actively investing in cryptocurrencies like Andreessen Horowitz and Union Square Ventures, as well as cryptocurrency and traditional exchanges such as Kraken, Circle, Intercontinental Exchange, and Nasdaq.
securities-related companies; Ripple;	Other members include non-profits like Coin Center and other cryptocurrency and securities-related companies such as Ripple, CoinList, and Harbor.
securities-related companies; CoinList;	Other members include non-profits like Coin Center and other cryptocurrency and securities-related companies such as Ripple, CoinList, and Harbor.
American bodies; the Security;	American bodies such as the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) for example are keeping a close watch on ICO’s whether it be shutting them down, or even warning individuals who market them hoping for investors to fall in a trap.
American bodies; Exchange;	American bodies such as the Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) for example are keeping a close watch on ICO’s whether it be shutting them down, or even warning individuals who market them hoping for investors to fall in a trap.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Members of the party have been noted to be the most vocal in demanding clarity from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with regards to how to regulate Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the United States.
exchange; IDAX;	That’s why we’re excited to partner with a leading exchange such as IDAX, as we start to expand our InstantSend footprint globally.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	These have become the dominant tool for mining cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The platform will have a “Simple Buy/Sell” feature that will allow users to trade over 50 cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	The platform will have a “Simple Buy/Sell” feature that will allow users to trade over 50 cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
merchants; Overstock;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Microsoft;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Gyft;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Etsy;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
merchants; Expedia;	Big name merchants such as Overstock, Microsoft, Gyft, Etsy, Expedia and many more currently accept Bitcoin.
several coins; Bitcoin;	The ongoing bear market has not taken mercy on the cryptocurrency market with several coins such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH] and Bitcoin Cash [BCH] witnessing massive downward spirals.
the world; industry-leading regulators;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
the world; investors;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
the world; academics;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
the world; entrepreneurs;	It is expected that it will gather more than 2000 visitors from all over the world, including industry-leading regulators, investors, academics, entrepreneurs, and technologists.
portfolios; Cryptocurrencies;	Gazprombank aims to help banks, wealth managers and other clients expand and manage their portfolios including Cryptocurrencies.
classes; cryptocurrencies.;	The system is meant “for the management of client portfolios across all asset classes, including cryptocurrencies.” The press release reports that this is the latest development in a preexisting relationship with the bank, noting that:
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	In the event, Lee spoke with HTC’s Decentralized Chief Officer Phill Chen and announced that HTC Exodus 1 will be supporting Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies.
projects; non-fungible token marketplaces;	0x Instant is already being hosted by a diverse set of projects including non-fungible token marketplaces, non-custodial crypto wallets, dapps, and even crypto price feeds.
projects; non-custodial crypto;	0x Instant is already being hosted by a diverse set of projects including non-fungible token marketplaces, non-custodial crypto wallets, dapps, and even crypto price feeds.
pages; ZRX;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; REP;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; OMG;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; DAI;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; MKR;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; BAT;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
pages; REQ;	A number of notable cryptocurrency companies have already adopted 0x Instant, including Coinbase, which leveraged the technology to integrate instant purchases into its Ethereum-based mobile app, and CoinGecko, which has added instant token purchases to multiple coin pages including ZRX, REP, OMG, DAI, MKR, BAT, REQ, and AST.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The other term used is “HODL” that stands for “Hold On for Dear Life”, referring to holding Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies instead of selling them.
ones; HODL;	The Founder was using the term on several occasions along with other ones such as HODL, and SAFU.
terms; BUIDL;	This was followed by CZ stating that pissed means “lawyers ready to go”, adding that trademarking terms such as BUIDL, which is widely used in the community hurts the company reputation instead of building it.
this point; a number;	However, the coin was not without its controversies leading to this point, including a number of members within cryptocurrency pointing the finger at the vitriol surrounding the BCH fork which kicked off November’s severe decrease in market valuation.
members; team;	The price flippening happened while a lawsuit was initiated against the Bitcoin Cash team and other members of the ecosystem.
markets; Bitcoin;	Interestingly, BSV is currently recording a massive 21.36% gains at the same time when the rest of the crypto markets, including Bitcoin, are seeing losses of more than 10%.
team; Sechet;	The Plaintiff accused Bitmain, Inc., Roger Ver, Jesse Powel, Amaury Sechet, and other team members for joining forces to manipulate BCH markets in order to make gains.
coins; the world;	Other coins, including the world’s largest cryptocurrency Bitcoin, also remained inside a negative territory owing to their respective fundamental and technical reasons.
cryptocurrencies; LTC;	CryptoCompare data shows other cryptocurrencies, including LTC, ZEC, and DASH are down anywhere between 10% and 15%, with XRP managing to go down only 6.7% to $0.305.
cryptocurrencies; ZEC;	CryptoCompare data shows other cryptocurrencies, including LTC, ZEC, and DASH are down anywhere between 10% and 15%, with XRP managing to go down only 6.7% to $0.305.
infrastructure; crypto exchanges;	It remains unclear what is driving the BSV rally and BCH sell-off, given that the latter retains more support among crypto exchanges and other infrastructure providers.
token-based projects; Bancor;	Additionally, token-based projects such as Bancor and KickCoin have moved in to freeze tokens after a hack.
token-based projects; KickCoin;	Additionally, token-based projects such as Bancor and KickCoin have moved in to freeze tokens after a hack.
BCH; UnitedCorp;	The suit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida alleges that the defendants jointly used unfair methods and practices to manipulate the BCH network for their benefit and detriment of UnitedCorp and other BCH stakeholders.
Bitcoin; UnitedCorp;	The defendants collectively engaged in unfair methods of competition and through a series of unconscionable, deceptive and unfair practices, manipulated the Bitcoin Cash network for their benefit and to the detriment of UnitedCorp and other Bitcoin Cash stakeholders.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In order to maintain confidence in cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin Cash, no person or entity can be allowed to control them.
interesting developments; countries;	Looking at the institutional interest in bitcoin, the possible taxation from countries and other interesting developments for the currency, such as increasing trust from tech companies, we might be seeing something very interesting in the making for the crypto industry, something not everyone can anticipate.
community; the Bitcoin;	The cryptocurrency community, especially the Bitcoin eco-system, has been shaken and speculate the reason for the price drop to SEC’s decision that was published on Thursday regarding the Bitcoin ETFs.
federal agencies; the CFTC;	 Section 3 of the bill states that within one year of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) must submit a report that examines the potential for price manipulation of cryptocurrencies and analyze what federal agencies such as the CFTC could do to conduct "market surveillance of virtual currencies for signs of manipulation" and to bring enforcement actions "against persons involved in such manipulation."
technology; Bitcoin;	“The existing communications and attribution structure of blockchain technology such as Bitcoin require identification of where the transactions are emanating and terminating, in order to maintain the ledger.
double digits; Bitcoin;	Additionally, a majority of the coins in the top ten were seen bleeding in double digits including Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], and XRP.
interactive systems; games;	Contents "can range from static 3D scenes to interactive systems such as games."
major coins; EOS;	However, other major coins such as EOS and Ethereum [ETH] have been facing the wrath of the bear and being pulled down to the soil.
major coins; Ethereum;	However, other major coins such as EOS and Ethereum [ETH] have been facing the wrath of the bear and being pulled down to the soil.
heavyweights; cardano;	The San Francisco-based Coinbase announced the move on Friday when it revealed that its adding support for a “broad range of assets” — more than 30 were explicitly named — including other market heavyweights including cardano (ADA), NEO, and tezos (XTZ).
controversial ones; zcash;	XRP investors had long complained that ripple was not listed on Coinbase, the most popular crypto exchange for first-time buyers in the US and many other jurisdictions, even as the company listed smaller cryptocurrencies such as 0x and seemingly more controversial ones such as zcash — which can be used to make anonymous transactions.
signs; public-facing APIs;	"As part of the exploratory process, customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets.
services; public-facing APIs;	The exchange warned its customers that some may see assets appear on public-facing APIs and other services before they are officially listed, but should that happen, Coinbase “cannot commit to when or whether these assets will become available.”
signs; public-facing APIs;	"As part of the exploratory process, customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets.
the coming months; dai;	In its largest listing spree to date, the California-based exchange will add dozens of cryptocurrencies in the coming months, including dai, mana and neo.
the coming months; mana;	In its largest listing spree to date, the California-based exchange will add dozens of cryptocurrencies in the coming months, including dai, mana and neo.
the coming months; neo;	In its largest listing spree to date, the California-based exchange will add dozens of cryptocurrencies in the coming months, including dai, mana and neo.
networks; NEO;	While focused on ERC20 tokens, the listing blitz will also include assets operating on other networks such as NEO and XRP.
networks; XRP;	While focused on ERC20 tokens, the listing blitz will also include assets operating on other networks such as NEO and XRP.
token-rich exchanges; Binance;	One of the main drivers behind Coinbase’s aggressive listing policy will be the desire to claim a slice of the trading volume being absorbed by token-rich exchanges such as Binance, which operates 393 markets.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Coinbase made record profits last year, but its financials for 2018 will show a major drop in revenue as market conditions have reduced the appetite among retail investors for cryptocurrencies such as BTC, ETH, and BCH.
cryptocurrencies; ETH;	Coinbase made record profits last year, but its financials for 2018 will show a major drop in revenue as market conditions have reduced the appetite among retail investors for cryptocurrencies such as BTC, ETH, and BCH.
aspects; compliance;	To achieve this goal, Coinbase uses its Digital Asset Framework which presupposes evaluation of such aspects as compliance, security and the project’s alignment with Coinbase’s mission to build a financial system that will be open for the entire world.
aspects; security;	To achieve this goal, Coinbase uses its Digital Asset Framework which presupposes evaluation of such aspects as compliance, security and the project’s alignment with Coinbase’s mission to build a financial system that will be open for the entire world.
aspects; the project;	To achieve this goal, Coinbase uses its Digital Asset Framework which presupposes evaluation of such aspects as compliance, security and the project’s alignment with Coinbase’s mission to build a financial system that will be open for the entire world.
signs; public-facing APIs;	“As part of the exploratory process, customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets.”
controversial ones; Zcash;	The exchange recently listed smaller coins such as 0x, controversial ones such as Zcash and that’s why Ripple’s fans did not understand why their beloved XRP doesn’t get support.
cryptocurrencies; Ripple;	Coinbase has announced that is exploring an additional 29 cryptocurrencies including Ripple, in addition to the previously announced Cardano and Stellar, bringing the total coins the firm is exploring to 31 in total.
signs; public-facing APIs;	Seeking to curb any rumors before they start to fester, Coinbase cautions that “customers may see public-facing APIs and other signs that we are conducting engineering work to potentially support these assets,” and that these signs shouldn’t be taken as confirmation that any assets are being listed, and that Coinbase will provide updates through its official channels.
altcoins; Basic Attention;	The last time Coinbase revealed a list of altcoins they were exploring, it was a batch of five altcoins including Basic Attention Token (BAT), Cardano (ADA), 0x (ZRX), Stellar (XLM), and ZCash (ZEC).
platform; Peter;	The announcement was made by key developers of the platform on their social media platform, including Peter Szilagi and Afri Schoedon.
terms; transaction;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
terms; execution;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
competitors; EOS;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
competitors; Cardano;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
competitors; Tron;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
competitors; Stellar;	Without solving the issue and being able to deliver an environment that can help fulfill the big promise of decentralizing the internet, Ethereum, the number one platform for DApps, risks losing its crown to any number of competitors, including EOS, Cardano, Tron, Stellar, and NEO.
tools; Komodo;	Instead of general purpose blockchains, he favors newer tools such as Komodo and Tendermint that are designed for more specialized smart contracts.
tools; Tendermint;	Instead of general purpose blockchains, he favors newer tools such as Komodo and Tendermint that are designed for more specialized smart contracts.
platform; Peter;	The announcement was made by key developers of the platform on their social media platform, including Peter Szilagi and Afri Schoedon.
terms; transaction;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
terms; execution;	Lane Rettig, another core developer, stated that the confusion over the meaning of terms such as transaction and execution frame could have contributed to the bug.
hardware; ASICs;	ProgPoW aims to prevent miners from using specialized mining hardware such as ASICs.
brand; KFC;	“Having a globally recognized brand such as KFC accepting Dash payments in Venezuela is a great achievement for cryptocurrency and further validation of the continuing trend of Dash adoption not only from a user perspective, but now merchants as well.”
Dash; Subway;	KFC joins a growing list of other companies in Venezuela accepting Dash, including Subway, Papa John’s Pizza and Traki, the country’s largest department store.
Dash; Papa;	KFC joins a growing list of other companies in Venezuela accepting Dash, including Subway, Papa John’s Pizza and Traki, the country’s largest department store.
Venezuela; Subway;	KFC in Venezuela is accepting payments using the cryptocurrency Dash starting this week, joining a growing list of fast-food chains that accept crypto in Venezuela, including Subway and the Papa John’s pizza chain.
Venezuela; the Papa;	KFC in Venezuela is accepting payments using the cryptocurrency Dash starting this week, joining a growing list of fast-food chains that accept crypto in Venezuela, including Subway and the Papa John’s pizza chain.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Venezuelans reportedly favor Dash over Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies because of its relatively faster transaction confirmation times.
jurisdictions; York;	However, residents of the State of New York and other jurisdictions will not be able to access trading of these tokens until a later date.
own networks; ADA;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; EOS;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; NEO;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; XLM;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; XRP;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
own networks; Tezos;	The Coinbase explanation that it is easier to integrate ERC20 tokens on the platform, is in line with our earlier discussion that we might need to wait a while for the exchange to list coins on their own networks such as ADA, EOS, NEO, XLM, XRP and Tezos (XTZ).
features; commands;	The app also supports shortcut commands and other features to make it intuitive and easy-to-use.
services; transfers;	Voice-based virtual assistants such as Amazon Alexa could help Cryptocurrency tremendously if Cryptocurrency transfers and other services could be activated on these type of devices.
projects; cloud;	After hours spent on eliminating the ETN mobile miner issues, Electroneum team have taken the decision to better spent racing to finish off a number of projects including cloud mining.
unique attributes; strength;	Some of them are much like all the others but others will have unique attributes such as strength and health built up over many hours of gameplay etc or a character that has honed.
unique attributes; health;	Some of them are much like all the others but others will have unique attributes such as strength and health built up over many hours of gameplay etc or a character that has honed.
companies; Amazon;	Enticingly, Kertonegoro says ENJ will soon be “a currency of choice on a Gift Card site where users will be able to use BTC, ETH, ENJ, and LTC to purchase gift cards for 200+ companies such as Amazon, Nike, Uber, iTunes, Google Play etc.”
companies; Nike;	Enticingly, Kertonegoro says ENJ will soon be “a currency of choice on a Gift Card site where users will be able to use BTC, ETH, ENJ, and LTC to purchase gift cards for 200+ companies such as Amazon, Nike, Uber, iTunes, Google Play etc.”
companies; Uber;	Enticingly, Kertonegoro says ENJ will soon be “a currency of choice on a Gift Card site where users will be able to use BTC, ETH, ENJ, and LTC to purchase gift cards for 200+ companies such as Amazon, Nike, Uber, iTunes, Google Play etc.”
companies; iTunes;	Enticingly, Kertonegoro says ENJ will soon be “a currency of choice on a Gift Card site where users will be able to use BTC, ETH, ENJ, and LTC to purchase gift cards for 200+ companies such as Amazon, Nike, Uber, iTunes, Google Play etc.”
companies; Google;	Enticingly, Kertonegoro says ENJ will soon be “a currency of choice on a Gift Card site where users will be able to use BTC, ETH, ENJ, and LTC to purchase gift cards for 200+ companies such as Amazon, Nike, Uber, iTunes, Google Play etc.”
big financial players; American;	Ripple has even started attracting the attention of big financial players such as American Express.
financial tools; XRP;	Ripple has received showers of praises from the American Express for its outstanding performance in enhancing the global payment processing system via its XRP and other financial tools.
large financial entities; American;	Upon reading the comments above, it’s clear that Ripple is establishing its global profile by working closely with large financial entities such as American Express, Santander and others.
multiple blockchains; Bitcoin;	Brave — an open-source blockchain-powered browser, which blocks ads and website trackers — will reportedly be pre-installed on the HTC Exodus 1, “the first native blockchain phone” with support for multiple blockchains, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) networks.
features; convenient;	The Brave Browser is an integral part of the BAT ecosystem, offering features such as convenient tipping mechanisms for verified publishers.
digital assets; BTC;	According to HTC, the device is designed to work with a variety of digital assets, including BTC, ETH and Dfinity, and transactions made through the device are extremely secure.
digital assets; ETH;	According to HTC, the device is designed to work with a variety of digital assets, including BTC, ETH and Dfinity, and transactions made through the device are extremely secure.
digital assets; Dfinity;	According to HTC, the device is designed to work with a variety of digital assets, including BTC, ETH and Dfinity, and transactions made through the device are extremely secure.
analytics; the monetization;	Among the features offered by BAT are innovative methods for ad analytics, including the monetization of human attention with a pay-to-surf business model.
services; Patreon;	Elements of the BAT platform have been integrated into the Brave browser, including the option for users to ‘tip’ content creators such as Medium writers or Trwitch streamers with BAT – similar to crowdfunding services such as Patreon.
chain; tracking;	The automated, blockchain-based, system will encompass oil and gas production management for ADNOC’s entire value chain including tracking, validating, and executing, transactions.
players; Shell;	The tool is designed for crude oil industry players including Shell, Equinor, Gunvor, BP, and Mercuria.
players; Equinor;	The tool is designed for crude oil industry players including Shell, Equinor, Gunvor, BP, and Mercuria.
players; Gunvor;	The tool is designed for crude oil industry players including Shell, Equinor, Gunvor, BP, and Mercuria.
players; BP;	The tool is designed for crude oil industry players including Shell, Equinor, Gunvor, BP, and Mercuria.
digital assets; bitcoin;	Though nascent, blockchain technology, which is the building blocks of bitcoin and other digital assets, has shown in recent times it has all it takes to transform the operations of a vast array of businesses and make them more productive.
new technologies; artificial intelligence;	Present at the World Energy Capital Assembly held in London, ADNOC’s Digital Unit Manager, Abdul Nasser Al Mughairbi reportedly said that the organization has great ambition of using DLT and other new technologies including artificial intelligence (AI), in its activities to enhance operational efficiency and productivity and thus far, it has achieved some significant successes along that line.
big names; Walmart;	In addition to developing its own blockchain platform, the tech giant has also partnered with big names such as Walmart and Maersk, and is providing them support for logistics and supply chain management using blockchain technology.
big names; Maersk;	In addition to developing its own blockchain platform, the tech giant has also partnered with big names such as Walmart and Maersk, and is providing them support for logistics and supply chain management using blockchain technology.
projects; STEEM;	With projects such as STEEM cutting up to 70% of its staff and ETCDEV announcing it can no longer continue to work during the latest market capitulation, it is no wonder that many investors are worried about the viability of their respective projects to continue with development.
financial fraud; schemes;	According to the article, Gongsheng noted that “most of the financing operations conducted through ICOs in China were suspected of being illegal fundraising, pyramid sales schemes and other financial fraud.”
tangibles; assets;	STOs represent an ICO backed by tangibles such as assets, or profit or revenue of a company.
tangibles; assets;	STOs represent an ICO backed by tangibles such as assets, or profit or revenue of a company.
financial fraud; schemes;	The PBC deputy governor also said that "most of the financing operations conducted through ICOs in China were suspected of being illegal fundraising, pyramid sales schemes and other financial fraud."
types; operations;	In addition to this formal acknowledgment of the ban on both initial coin offerings and STOs, the deputy governor also outlined that the majority of the financing operations, which were conducted virtual money in China, are suspected of being pyramid sales schemes, illegal fundraising operations, and other types of financial fraud.
tangibles; a company;	Security token offerings (STO) – essentially initial coin offerings which are backed by tangibles such as a company’s revenues, profits or assets – are now officially banned in China.
financial fraud; schemes;	The PBC deputy governor also said that "most of the financing operations conducted through ICOs in China were suspected of being illegal fundraising, pyramid sales schemes and other financial fraud."
tangibles; a company;	Security token offerings (STO) – essentially initial coin offerings which are backed by tangibles such as a company’s revenues, profits or assets – are now officially banned in China.
fundraising-related activities; illegal;	They declared all such fundraising-related activities as illegal.
assets; shares;	Unlike ICOs,  STOs are a newer type of blockchain-based fundraising activity that allows firms to sell security tokens backed by assets such as shares, bonds, artworks, among other items and users get paid dividends according to the performance of the underlying assets.
assets; bonds;	Unlike ICOs,  STOs are a newer type of blockchain-based fundraising activity that allows firms to sell security tokens backed by assets such as shares, bonds, artworks, among other items and users get paid dividends according to the performance of the underlying assets.
assets; artworks;	Unlike ICOs,  STOs are a newer type of blockchain-based fundraising activity that allows firms to sell security tokens backed by assets such as shares, bonds, artworks, among other items and users get paid dividends according to the performance of the underlying assets.
bitcoin-linked businesses; exchanges;	Taking its blanket ban on ICOs to the next level, in February 2018, BTCManager informed that the PBoC had issued a communique declaring war on cryptocurrency exchanges and other bitcoin-linked businesses in the state.
financial fraud; illegal fundraising;	The deputy governor added that the majority of ICOs conducted in China are suspected of engaging in illegal fundraising, pyramid schemes, and other financial fraud.
financial fraud; pyramid schemes;	The deputy governor added that the majority of ICOs conducted in China are suspected of engaging in illegal fundraising, pyramid schemes, and other financial fraud.
GUBI; systems;	The blockchain will now be used to develop online reviews, identity systems, and other GUBI functions.
developers; Merriam;	Having launched this year in a preliminary alpha phase, Trinity is comprised of six developers including Merriam all except one of whom are contracted to work by the Ethereum Foundation.
major cryptos; BTC;	Moreover, BTC and other major cryptos haven’t yet established a proper bottom, while the smaller ERC20 tokens haven’t shown signs of a large corrective rally.
languages; “;	Preferred qualifications include “Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)” (for the role of “Data Scientist, Blockchain”) and coding experience in a range of languages such as “C, C++, Java, C#, Perl, PHP, Hack and/or Python” (“Software Engineer, Blockchain”).
global tech giants; Facebook;	Hired’s report cited demand fueled by the interest of global tech giants such as Facebook, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, all of whom are currently advertising for specialists from the emerging sector.
global tech giants; Amazon;	Hired’s report cited demand fueled by the interest of global tech giants such as Facebook, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, all of whom are currently advertising for specialists from the emerging sector.
global tech giants; IBM;	Hired’s report cited demand fueled by the interest of global tech giants such as Facebook, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, all of whom are currently advertising for specialists from the emerging sector.
global tech giants; Microsoft;	Hired’s report cited demand fueled by the interest of global tech giants such as Facebook, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, all of whom are currently advertising for specialists from the emerging sector.
a strong player; Facebook;	What can be said for sure is that if such a strong player as Facebook, which boasts a reported 2.27 billion of monthly active users worldwide for 2018, enters the world of blockchain, it is obvious that the technology’s implementation will soon reach gigantic audiences.
several projects; the development;	Glikberg, who served various positions under Bitmain and worked on several projects including the development of ConnectBTC mining reservoir and the development of AI technology for the Sophon Project, announced
employees; Bitmain;	All 23 employees, including Bitmain’s vice president for sales and marketing Gadi Glikberg – who led the Israeli project – have been laid off.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
cryptoassets; bitcoin;	Bitmain, the world’s leading bitcoin ASIC miner maker, is set to close its developmental center located in Ra’anana, Israel and lay off 23 employees, following the recent crash in the price of bitcoin and other cryptoassets, reported local news source, Globes on December 10, 2018.
the world; the United;	The world’s largest manufacturer of bitcoin mining equipment, with offices in several parts of the world including the United States and Hong Kong, remains a heavyweight in the blockchain technology and digital assets space.
games; EOSBet;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; EOSCast;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; FFgame;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; EOSDice;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; EOSWin;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; MyEosVegas;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; LuckyGo;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; EOSBet;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; EOSCast;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; FFgame;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; EOSDice;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; EOSWin;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; MyEosVegas;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
games; LuckyGo;	In the past month, Peckshield has discovered attacks against the most popular EOS betting games, including EOSBet, EOSCast, FFgame, EOSDice, EOSWin, MyEosVegas, LuckyGo, and EOSLelego.
major players; Ripple;	Last week, United States -based cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase announced it was exploring the option to list over 30 more cryptocurrencies, including major players such as Ripple (XRP), EOS and Cardano (ADA).
new attempt; the contract;	“DApp is still a brand new attempt, especially the contract is developed in C++ language.
–; the various safety;	However, meat – including the various safety concerns inherent to the product's production and distribution – is a prime industry to research the intersection of blockchain tech and supply chain performance.
real value; MGO;	What makes this platform unique is that players can win tokens with real value such as MGO with their skill alone.
real value; MGO;	What makes this platform unique is that players can win tokens with real value such as MGO with their skill alone.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	According to a report in the UK’s Telegraph newspaper, a Conservative member of parliament has spoken out in favour of Great Britain taking an open minded approach to digital assets such as Bitcoin.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Hughes is calling on his colleagues to take a more active interest in learning about how Bitcoin and other digital assets worked.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	The Conservative MP then questioned how accessible using Bitcoin and other digital assets was at present.
underlying infrastructure; technology;	For him, it is still too difficult for the layperson to use the new forms of money and improvements to wallet technology and other underlying infrastructure services would make it easier for the public to see the benefits of decentralised, censorship-resistant value transfer:
bills; tax;	“Only recently I met with the RNLI which is now accepting charitable donations through cryptocurrency – if we can do that, what’s to stop us being able to pay council tax and other bills with Bitcoin?”
products; trading oil;	The president added that Russia was already trading oil and other products in Chinese yuan and Venezuela would follow its example, “progressively” moving to sell all its oil production in Petro.
own state-backed cryptos; Venezuela;	It’s no longer unusual for nations to launch or consider their own state-backed cryptos such as Venezuela who recently launched the Petro and Iran who plans to issue a state-backed coin in the future.
features; the issuance;	The seven-minute video outlined a number of the venture’s pertinent features, including the issuance of trade orders, which were surprisingly quick, account and wallet creation for the newfangled blockchain, and the in-house block explorer.
stablecoins; TrueUSD;	In the top 50 currencies, the only cryptos in the green are stablecoins including TrueUSD, Tether and Circle’s USD Coin.
stablecoins; Tether;	In the top 50 currencies, the only cryptos in the green are stablecoins including TrueUSD, Tether and Circle’s USD Coin.
stablecoins; Circle;	In the top 50 currencies, the only cryptos in the green are stablecoins including TrueUSD, Tether and Circle’s USD Coin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The cryptocurrency markets posted slight gains over the weekend and have recovered slightly from last week’s dip that sent most cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, to fresh yearly lows.
groups; ICE;	Recently, Matt Hougan, the global head of research at Bitwise, explained that the entrance of major institutional investment groups, including ICE, Fidelity, and major universities like Yale and Stanford, is driving investor’s interest in regulated cryptocurrency investment funds.
groups; Fidelity;	Recently, Matt Hougan, the global head of research at Bitwise, explained that the entrance of major institutional investment groups, including ICE, Fidelity, and major universities like Yale and Stanford, is driving investor’s interest in regulated cryptocurrency investment funds.
the horizon; the launch;	“With significant positive developments on the horizon, including the launch of the Bakkt bitcoin futures exchange from ICE, the launch of Fidelity Digital Assets, and the continued movement of institutional investors like Yale University and Stanford University into the crypto space, we have seen significant inbound demand for high-quality bitcoin and ether funds,” Hougan said.
coins; BCH;	Where do you see the price of BCH, BTC and other coins heading from here?
coins; BTC;	Where do you see the price of BCH, BTC and other coins heading from here?
financial applications; supply;	Applications of blockchain technology apply to a wide array of use cases other than financial applications such as supply chain management, healthcare and identity management just to name a few.
cryptographic verification; a university;	He provided simple examples of using blockchain technology for cryptographic verification including a university degree verification app, key revocation in self-sovereign identity, and verifying integrity of bids during an auction.
technologies; data;	The venture fund has invested in over 33 startups in 23 countries so far, focusing on frontier technologies such as data science, machine learning, drones, and more recently, blockchain.
things; vaccines;	Fabian explains that the purpose of investing in blockchain startups is to one day assist in the procurement process for things such as vaccines, “We see these as provocations as the beginning of a learning journey,” he says, “and as things that we can eventually integrate parts of into our larger work.”
things; “;	Fabian explains that the purpose of investing in blockchain startups is to one day assist in the procurement process for things such as vaccines, “We see these as provocations as the beginning of a learning journey,” he says, “and as things that we can eventually integrate parts of into our larger work.”
fields; data;	UNICEF manages blockchain cohorts through its Innovation Fund, which invests in new technology fields such as data science, machine learning, and virtual reality.
projects; a crypto-based charity;	UNICEF has already participated in several blockchain and cryptocurrency projects, including a crypto-based charity campaign for Syrian refugees.
global problems; transparency;	Per the press release, the six startups were selected from over 100 applications from 50 countries, and they will develop blockchain-based prototypes and solutions for a vast array of global problems including transparency in healthcare delivery, affordable access to mobile phone connectivity, and more.
technological sectors; data;	Its Innovation Fund has already targeted firms specialising in other emerging technological sectors such as data scince, machine learning, virtual reality, and drone technology.
sectors; science;	The $100,000 investment is part of the Fund’s program that already supports 20 tech startups operating in data science, virtual reality, and other sectors.
sectors; virtual reality;	The $100,000 investment is part of the Fund’s program that already supports 20 tech startups operating in data science, virtual reality, and other sectors.
fields; processing;	It supports startups across artificial intelligence, data mining, machine learning, data processing, and other fields, to solve  challenges faced by children around the globe.
services; water;	Called Game Chaingers, the project was aimed at improving the lives of Syrian children by providing access to water, healthcare, education, and other services.
services; healthcare;	Called Game Chaingers, the project was aimed at improving the lives of Syrian children by providing access to water, healthcare, education, and other services.
services; education;	Called Game Chaingers, the project was aimed at improving the lives of Syrian children by providing access to water, healthcare, education, and other services.
supplies; food;	The funds generated by UNICEF Australia were used to provide children in poorest regions with food, water, medicines, and other supplies.
supplies; water;	The funds generated by UNICEF Australia were used to provide children in poorest regions with food, water, medicines, and other supplies.
supplies; medicines;	The funds generated by UNICEF Australia were used to provide children in poorest regions with food, water, medicines, and other supplies.
recent months; SBI;	A number of other banks and financial services firms have begun using the platform in recent months, including SBI Ripple Asia and PNC Bank.
problems; slow transactions;	Both individuals and businesses regularly face such problems as slow transactions speed, high fees and generally undeveloped banking network with some restrictions.
cryptos; XRP;	Ripple has also recently released a new report on extended payment delays and errors in SWIFT which shows the great importance of cryptos, especially XRP and the blockchain technology.
cryptos; the blockchain;	Ripple has also recently released a new report on extended payment delays and errors in SWIFT which shows the great importance of cryptos, especially XRP and the blockchain technology.
a move; regards;	State Farm is among the first notable insurance carriers to announce that it is investigating such a move as regards the claims payment process.
20th-century methodologies; checks;	They have a working solution that they are currently testing against existing processes, which they describe as inefficient, requiring more than a few man-hours, manual issuance of checks, and other 20th-century methodologies.
the blockchain; secure;	Prior to that, there are other opportunities for the blockchain, including secure tracking of client behavior, secure storage of records, and, at some point, payments systems and potentially even some form of good behavior credits.
stores; GS25;	The card enables users to spend their ADA at over 30,000 offline merchants in South Korea including well-known convenience stores such as GS25 and Emart24.
stores; Emart24;	The card enables users to spend their ADA at over 30,000 offline merchants in South Korea including well-known convenience stores such as GS25 and Emart24.
retail Korean merchants; popular Korean convenience;	﻿The card will be accepted by over 33,000 retail Korean merchants including popular Korean convenience stores like GS25 and Emart24.
assets; real estate;	In fact two areas of growth for the industry will come from low-volatility tokens known as stable coins and so-called security tokens, digital contracts that represent ownership of assets such as real estate or stocks.”
assets; stocks;	In fact two areas of growth for the industry will come from low-volatility tokens known as stable coins and so-called security tokens, digital contracts that represent ownership of assets such as real estate or stocks.”
major exchanges; Coinbase;	Bitcoin Cash ABC has now gained the BCH ticker on most major exchanges, including Coinbase, and was even added as the fifth digital asset available on the Gemini platform with USD, BTC, ETH, LTC and ZEC pairs.
factors; the fact;	In late October, United States-based wallet service and exchange Coinbase made a similar decision, while stating it would “continue to evaluate the safety of the BCH SV chain.” Coinbase said that it sided with the ABC camp due to “a number of factors including the fact that ABC has a higher hashrate and a longer proof-of-work (PoW) chain.”
BCH; UnitedCorp;	The suit alleges that the accused used unfair methods and practices to manipulate the BCH network for their benefit and to the detriment of UnitedCorp and other BCH stakeholders.
project; Cardano;	Developments are usually slow with a peer-reviewed academic research project such as Cardano but the process should usually result in a highly-optimized and peer-reviewed codebase that investors and developers can be confident with.
stores; GS25;	The prepaid cards will allow users to spend their ADA tokens at over 30,000 throughout merchants in South Korea including well-known convenience stores such as GS25 and Emart24.
stores; Emart24;	The prepaid cards will allow users to spend their ADA tokens at over 30,000 throughout merchants in South Korea including well-known convenience stores such as GS25 and Emart24.
systems; the off-chain parts;	Programming Ethereum requires coding in two languages, Solidity for the on-chain code and Javascript for the off-chain parts, and other systems suffer a similar split, Plutus is the only system that provides an integrated language for both, based on Haskell.
various speakers; IOHK;	The event will feature various speakers, including IOHK CEO Charles Hoskinson.
issues; bugs;	These new tools have been designed by a group of experts that focus on avoiding bugs and other issues.
data; the account;	Sammobile reports that the user data such as the account information will be stored on the Blockchain network with “complete anonymity”.
devices; applications;	SamMobile claims to have uncovered the development plans for the new wallet after trademarks reveal Samsung’s cryptocurrency plans for its Galaxy devices, including applications for Blockchain KeyStore, Blockchain key box, and Blockchain Core.
data; crypto wallet;	In July, CCN reported that Joel Snyder, a senior IT consultant, a contributor to Samsung Insights published a paper revealing that for the purpose of crypto storage, smartphones offer significant security advantages over laptops and other devices because of the existence of Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) which isolates execution from internal memory, making it close to impossible for hackers to steal data such as crypto wallet private keys.
upcoming models; the Galaxy;	For now it is unknown whether Samsung intends to offer these services on any of its upcoming models such as the Galaxy S10 which is set to launch soon.
s major sectors; insurance;	Since early 2018, Samsung, the largest conglomerate in South Korea that has dominance over many of the country’s major sectors including insurance, online payment, asset management, car manufacturing, electronics, and property development, has demonstrated its interest towards the cryptocurrency sector.
s major sectors; online payment;	Since early 2018, Samsung, the largest conglomerate in South Korea that has dominance over many of the country’s major sectors including insurance, online payment, asset management, car manufacturing, electronics, and property development, has demonstrated its interest towards the cryptocurrency sector.
s major sectors; asset;	Since early 2018, Samsung, the largest conglomerate in South Korea that has dominance over many of the country’s major sectors including insurance, online payment, asset management, car manufacturing, electronics, and property development, has demonstrated its interest towards the cryptocurrency sector.
the country; telecommunications;	If the company is to enter the cryptocurrency exchange market, which nearly every major company in the country including telecommunications, gaming, financial, and insurance companies are involved in, it will have to build a new infrastructure from the ground up, similar to what Shinhan Bank has done with Gopax.
the country; gaming;	If the company is to enter the cryptocurrency exchange market, which nearly every major company in the country including telecommunications, gaming, financial, and insurance companies are involved in, it will have to build a new infrastructure from the ground up, similar to what Shinhan Bank has done with Gopax.
wallets; MetaMask;	According to SamMobile, if the wallet gets integrated into the Samsung Galaxy S10, users will be able to import their data from wallets such as MetaMask and Trust Wallet to transact natively with the mobile phone.
wallets; Trust;	According to SamMobile, if the wallet gets integrated into the Samsung Galaxy S10, users will be able to import their data from wallets such as MetaMask and Trust Wallet to transact natively with the mobile phone.
market; Samsung;	Companies that dominate the global mobile phone market including Samsung, Apple, HTC, Huawei, and Oppo can easily integrate cryptocurrencies and provide native support for the asset class.
market; Apple;	Companies that dominate the global mobile phone market including Samsung, Apple, HTC, Huawei, and Oppo can easily integrate cryptocurrencies and provide native support for the asset class.
market; HTC;	Companies that dominate the global mobile phone market including Samsung, Apple, HTC, Huawei, and Oppo can easily integrate cryptocurrencies and provide native support for the asset class.
market; Huawei;	Companies that dominate the global mobile phone market including Samsung, Apple, HTC, Huawei, and Oppo can easily integrate cryptocurrencies and provide native support for the asset class.
blockchain-based digital currencies; Bitcoin;	Needless to say, the likes of Fidelity and the ICE would not risk their reputations on the space if they did not think there was a future for Bitcoin and other blockchain-based digital currencies.
several digital currencies; Bitcoin;	Gemini is a New York-based crypto exchange and custodian service that enables its users to trade and store several digital currencies, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Zcash.
several digital currencies; Litecoin;	Gemini is a New York-based crypto exchange and custodian service that enables its users to trade and store several digital currencies, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Zcash.
several digital currencies; Ether;	Gemini is a New York-based crypto exchange and custodian service that enables its users to trade and store several digital currencies, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Zcash.
several digital currencies; Bitcoin;	Gemini is a New York-based crypto exchange and custodian service that enables its users to trade and store several digital currencies, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Zcash.
browser; the ability;	The new app offers many of the same experiences found when accessing Gemini from a web browser, including the ability to buy,  sell, send, and receive cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Litecoin, a portfolio to track gains and losses, the firm’s Buy the Cryptoverse bundle feature, and much more.
companies; rival exchange;	Other companies such as rival exchange Coinbase, and even the $15 million-valued mining giant Bitmain have been struggling to maintain business operations in key areas.
functionality; price;	According to the announcement, the mobile app is a true extension of Gemini’s desktop trading platform, with functionality including price alerts, recurring buy orders, and institutional-grade security.
virtual currencies; ];	Even though the cryptocurrency market has been brutal and tough, the well-known Winklevoss twins think otherwise with their new application which allows users to buy Bitcoin [BTC] and other virtual currencies.
biometric proofs; facial scanning;	The app also includes Know-Your-Customer [KYC] with facial scanning and other biometric proofs in order to comply with the AML laws and avoid money laundering.
this region; Huobi;	Some of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the world are based in this region, including Huobi and Bitfinex, and Gemini might want to get a bigger share of the Asian market.
this region; Bitfinex;	Some of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in the world are based in this region, including Huobi and Bitfinex, and Gemini might want to get a bigger share of the Asian market.
financial institutions; banks;	The blockchain technology can track all farmer activity and thus give credible and 24-hour-updated information to banks and other financial institutions.
all workflow-related approvals; booking;	“More specifically, the blockchain will provide a tamper-proof definition of demand-side and supply-side workflows from tractor request to fulfillment, payment for services, and distribution of proceeds, authorized access to services and documents within the workflow, logging of all workflow-related approvals including booking, invoicing, etc.
all workflow-related approvals; invoicing;	“More specifically, the blockchain will provide a tamper-proof definition of demand-side and supply-side workflows from tractor request to fulfillment, payment for services, and distribution of proceeds, authorized access to services and documents within the workflow, logging of all workflow-related approvals including booking, invoicing, etc.
technologies; blockchain;	According to the post, the IBM Research division in Kenya is working with Hello Tractor’s developers in order to apply various tools and technologies, including blockchain, to the Hello Tractor mobile platform that enables farmers to access tractor services on demand.
machinery; tractors;	According to IBM, less than 20 percent of crops are managed by tractors and other machinery in sub-Saharan Africa to date, while food demand is constantly increasing due to population growth averaging 11 million per year.
names; BitPay;	Despite the downturn in cryptocurrency prices throughout 2018, the number is tipped to expand beyond crypto industry names such as BitPay and Coinbase.
names; Coinbase;	Despite the downturn in cryptocurrency prices throughout 2018, the number is tipped to expand beyond crypto industry names such as BitPay and Coinbase.
some crypto experts; Larry;	There are some crypto experts such as Larry Cermak from The Block that believe that TenX is a company that never keeps the promises it makes.
crypto; all DEXs;	This marks a large step forward in Wanchain’s goal to make sure all DEXs, protocols and other crypto components are fully interoperable across blockchains.
crypto; protocols;	This marks a large step forward in Wanchain’s goal to make sure all DEXs, protocols and other crypto components are fully interoperable across blockchains.
off-chain information; APIs;	The Chainlink integration into Wanchain will bring access to traditionally off-chain information, including APIs, payment gateways and feeds of data and information.
off-chain information; payment;	The Chainlink integration into Wanchain will bring access to traditionally off-chain information, including APIs, payment gateways and feeds of data and information.
issues; the opportunities;	The group will purportedly address three core issues, including the opportunities, challenges, and concerns surrounding blockchain technology, the necessity of blockchain-specific regulation, and ways to protects customers who deploy the technology or are affected by it.
issues; challenges;	The group will purportedly address three core issues, including the opportunities, challenges, and concerns surrounding blockchain technology, the necessity of blockchain-specific regulation, and ways to protects customers who deploy the technology or are affected by it.
precious metals; gold;	With the OneGold-BitPay alliance, clients can now effortlessly purchase gold, silver, and other precious metals supported by OneGold in a secure and frictionless way, while the platform, on the other hand, will avoid the problem of credit card chargebacks.
precious metals; silver;	With the OneGold-BitPay alliance, clients can now effortlessly purchase gold, silver, and other precious metals supported by OneGold in a secure and frictionless way, while the platform, on the other hand, will avoid the problem of credit card chargebacks.
illegal activities; laundering;	The bank expects that the addition of requiring licenses in order to operate as a crypto company will cut down on the money laundering and other illegal activities, such as using crypto to fund terrorism.
utilized companies; Coinbase;	Over time, Backpage utilized companies such as Coinbase, GoCoin, Paxful, Kraken and Crypto Capital to receive payments from customers and/or route money through the accounts of third parties.”
utilized companies; GoCoin;	Over time, Backpage utilized companies such as Coinbase, GoCoin, Paxful, Kraken and Crypto Capital to receive payments from customers and/or route money through the accounts of third parties.”
utilized companies; Paxful;	Over time, Backpage utilized companies such as Coinbase, GoCoin, Paxful, Kraken and Crypto Capital to receive payments from customers and/or route money through the accounts of third parties.”
utilized companies; Kraken;	Over time, Backpage utilized companies such as Coinbase, GoCoin, Paxful, Kraken and Crypto Capital to receive payments from customers and/or route money through the accounts of third parties.”
utilized companies; Crypto;	Over time, Backpage utilized companies such as Coinbase, GoCoin, Paxful, Kraken and Crypto Capital to receive payments from customers and/or route money through the accounts of third parties.”
crypto assets; BTC;	All virtual currency businesses will now be required to obtain an operating license from De Nederlandsche Bank, the country’s central bank, under draft legislation designed to prevent crypto assets such as BTC from being used for criminal activities.
criminal activity; abuse;	De Nederlandsche Bank has generally been open-minded about digital assets, while reiterating the need for inter-state regulation to curb issues of abuse, fraud and other criminal activity.
criminal activity; fraud;	De Nederlandsche Bank has generally been open-minded about digital assets, while reiterating the need for inter-state regulation to curb issues of abuse, fraud and other criminal activity.
criminal activities; money;	The central bank believes that a license is necessary because Bitcoin transactions are pseudo-anonymous, making it an appealing option for criminal activities such as money laundering and terrorism financing.
services; exchanges;	Criminals tend to take advantage of poorly regulated exchanges and other services to turn their dirty tokens into clean cryptocurrencies which cannot be detected so easily.
the next top coins; XRP;	This level of dominance is staggering over the next top coins including XRP at 11.3%, Ethereum at 8.51%, Bitcoin Cash at 1.64%, and Litecoin at 1.32%.
the world; Bulgarian Financial;	OneLife and OneCoin have been under the radar of more than ten financial regulators around the world, including Bulgarian Financial Supervision Commission, Belgian Financial Services and Market Authority, Croatian National Bank, and Bank of Portugal.
countries; China;	Laure de La Raudière expressed her desire for the country to take the lead in blockchain technology before it loses the battle to countries such as China and the U.S. She warned out that her country arrived late to the internet revolution in the 1990s and should avoid suffering the same fate this time around.
countries; the U.S.;	Laure de La Raudière expressed her desire for the country to take the lead in blockchain technology before it loses the battle to countries such as China and the U.S. She warned out that her country arrived late to the internet revolution in the 1990s and should avoid suffering the same fate this time around.
France; BigBlock;	He said a few mining farms have opened in France such as BigBlock Datacenter in Nantes.
countries; China;	However, he acknowledged that these companies are still modest when compared with countries such as China, Sweden, or Georgia.
countries; Sweden;	However, he acknowledged that these companies are still modest when compared with countries such as China, Sweden, or Georgia.
countries; China;	She highlighted that central banks in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden, and Uruguay are working on developing their own cryptocurrencies.
countries; Canada;	She highlighted that central banks in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden, and Uruguay are working on developing their own cryptocurrencies.
countries; Sweden;	She highlighted that central banks in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden, and Uruguay are working on developing their own cryptocurrencies.
countries; China;	Laure de La Raudière expressed her desire for the country to take the lead in blockchain technology before it loses the battle to countries such as China and the U.S. She warned out that her country arrived late to the internet revolution in the 1990s and should avoid suffering the same fate this time around.
countries; the U.S.;	Laure de La Raudière expressed her desire for the country to take the lead in blockchain technology before it loses the battle to countries such as China and the U.S. She warned out that her country arrived late to the internet revolution in the 1990s and should avoid suffering the same fate this time around.
France; BigBlock;	He said a few mining farms have opened in France such as BigBlock Datacenter in Nantes.
countries; China;	However, he acknowledged that these companies are still modest when compared with countries such as China, Sweden, or Georgia.
countries; Sweden;	However, he acknowledged that these companies are still modest when compared with countries such as China, Sweden, or Georgia.
countries; China;	She highlighted that central banks in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden, and Uruguay are working on developing their own cryptocurrencies.
countries; Canada;	She highlighted that central banks in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden, and Uruguay are working on developing their own cryptocurrencies.
countries; Sweden;	She highlighted that central banks in countries such as China, Canada, Sweden, and Uruguay are working on developing their own cryptocurrencies.
countries; China;	Currently, the mining industry is dominated by countries such as China, Georgia, and Sweden.
countries; Georgia;	Currently, the mining industry is dominated by countries such as China, Georgia, and Sweden.
activities; digital assets;	Notably, these new proposals have come shortly after French MPs voted to approve the PLF 2019 and Pact Act, both of which aim to clarify regulatory policies related to the taxation of digital assets and other activities involving crypto transactions.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	“The partial dis-intermediation of the banking system arising from proliferation of digital currencies such as bitcoin, as well as the activities of FinTechs are all of critical concern to the corporation.”
restrictions; closure;	As a result, the Bank said it would “monitor accounts being used for cryptocurrency transactions and may impose restrictions including closure of such accounts” in order to “guarantee the security of our customer’s funds.”
the platform; a change;	Monex detailed that since the acquisition of Coincheck, many improvements have been made to the platform, including a change in the management structure and delisting anonymous cryptocurrencies.
areas; payments;	Coincheck plans to expand its services beyond trading into areas such as payments and transfers.
areas; transfers;	Coincheck plans to expand its services beyond trading into areas such as payments and transfers.
all services; token trading;	After nine months in November 2018, the company resumed all services, including token trading and account opening.
all services; account;	After nine months in November 2018, the company resumed all services, including token trading and account opening.
service; customer;	The official also noted that all relevant information regarding the DNC service including customer preferences would be recorded on the blockchain, making it easier for TRAI to spot defaulters quickly.
digital rewards; games;	 According to the SoftMiner landing page, Razer Silver is a loyalty reward credit for gamers that can be redeemed Razer peripherals, digital rewards such as games, vouchers and more.
digital rewards; vouchers;	 According to the SoftMiner landing page, Razer Silver is a loyalty reward credit for gamers that can be redeemed Razer peripherals, digital rewards such as games, vouchers and more.
coins; Ether;	Although it is left unstated on the Razer website, according to an article on Motherboard, the mining software, SoftMiner, will mine Ether and other coins.
rewards; games;	These points are redeemable for rewards such as games and discount vouchers in the Razer Silver catalog.
rewards; discount;	These points are redeemable for rewards such as games and discount vouchers in the Razer Silver catalog.
Switzerland; cloud;	Some 16 new members were announced Wednesday at the Hyperledger Global Forum in Basel, Switzerland, including cloud computing firm Alibaba Cloud, a subsidiary of the global conglomerate;  financial services giant Citigroup and its Citi Ventures arm; trade finance blockchain platform We.Trade; and Deutsche Telekom, the largest telecommunications provider in Europe.
major firms; Alibaba;	Hyperledger has onboarded 12 new members, including such major firms as Alibaba Cloud, Citi, and Deutsche Telekom, according to an announcement published on Dec. 11.
big names; Alibaba;	Among the new members are big names such as Alibaba Cloud, financial services firm Citigroup, and Deutsche Telekom.
advantages; price;	Coinflux boasts advantages such as price, trading speed, customer service and the intuitive structure of the platform.
”; email;	Aside from the bank account, the exchange that boasts to have served more than 19,000 customers globally with over $200 million Euros turnover since 2015 also said that they have lost access to “some parts of the platform”, including email and website.
”; website;	Aside from the bank account, the exchange that boasts to have served more than 19,000 customers globally with over $200 million Euros turnover since 2015 also said that they have lost access to “some parts of the platform”, including email and website.
crimes; the defrauding;	Vlad Nistor has been arrested on a warrant issued by U.S. authorities accusing him of a number of crimes, including the defrauding of American citizens.
the financial sector; pension;	He has been described as a professional with seven years of experience in the financial sector, including pension funds where he managed savings worth millions of euros.
major cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Coinflux offers its users the opportunity to buy and sell major cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin core (BTC), ethereum (ETH), litecoin (LTC) and ripple (XRP).
platform; bitcoins;	He is accused of laundering billions of dollars through the now-defunct crypto trading platform, including bitcoins stolen in the Mt Gox hack.
CEO; the crimes;	Details on the arrest of Romanian crypto exchange, CoinFlux's CEO, including the crimes being committed just emerged.
large corporations; trends;	These days people love to see data that stems from Google trends and other large corporations like Apple.
names; Beyonce;	As Cointelegraph previously reported, despite overall Google searches for ‘Bitcoin’ coming down 75 percent as of June, the term was still more popular than household names such as Beyonce.
technical upgrades; Casper;	The upgrade is said to help improve the network’s efficiency before more technical upgrades such as Casper and Serenity can be incorporated.
technical upgrades; Serenity;	The upgrade is said to help improve the network’s efficiency before more technical upgrades such as Casper and Serenity can be incorporated.
investors; Peter;	Freeman –– whose project also completed a funding round earlier this year, with backing from high profile investors including Peter Thiel, Coinbase and Distributed Global –– also noted that not all algorithmic stablecoins will “suffer the same fate,” continuing, “[d]esigns can even include ‘share’ tokens, so long as they aren’t the direct source of capital for purchasing stablecoins out of circulation.”
investors; Bain;	Back in April, a stablecoin called Basis raised $133 million through an initial coin offering (ICO) with a stacked lineup of investors including Bain Capital Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Valor Capital, Google Ventures and Digital Currency Group.
big-name investors; Bain;	As previously covered by CryptoGlobe, on 18 April 2018, a US-based cryptocurrency startup called Intangible Labs announced that it had raised $133 million in a private placement from big-name investors such as Bain Capital Ventures, GV (formerly, Google Ventures), Lightspeed Venture Partners, Andreessen Horowitz, and Pantera Capital.
space; Andreessen;	The project was funded by some of the largest venture capital firms in the technology space including Andreessen Horowitz and Bain Capital Ventures, a private investment firm with over $100 billion in assets under management.
high-profile investors; Andreessen;	Basis raised $133 million in funding from high-profile investors, including Andreessen Horowitz and Bain Capital Ventures, back in April 2018.
firms; MakerDAO;	These include firms such as MakerDAO and Reserve, that latter’s co-founder and CEO Nevin Freeman confirming that both projects “don’t need to use security tokens to buy up stablecoins,” in comments to Cointelegraph.
firms; Reserve;	These include firms such as MakerDAO and Reserve, that latter’s co-founder and CEO Nevin Freeman confirming that both projects “don’t need to use security tokens to buy up stablecoins,” in comments to Cointelegraph.
avenues; seek legal advice;	This model with two tokens that can be classified as securities using laws in the US made the team seek legal advice and other avenues of solving the regulatory constraints.
the institutional heavyweights; Bakkt;	On the flip side, crypto offerings from the institutional heavyweights such as Bakkt and Fidelity could be the on-ramp for greater adoption.
the institutional heavyweights; Fidelity;	On the flip side, crypto offerings from the institutional heavyweights such as Bakkt and Fidelity could be the on-ramp for greater adoption.
financial instruments; securitized derivatives;	Currently, investors in Stuttgart can trade securitized derivatives, equities, bonds, ETFs, and other financial instruments.
financial instruments; equities;	Currently, investors in Stuttgart can trade securitized derivatives, equities, bonds, ETFs, and other financial instruments.
financial instruments; bonds;	Currently, investors in Stuttgart can trade securitized derivatives, equities, bonds, ETFs, and other financial instruments.
financial instruments; ETFs;	Currently, investors in Stuttgart can trade securitized derivatives, equities, bonds, ETFs, and other financial instruments.
collaborative projects; this zero-fee;	As major financial institutions and the crypto industry come closer together, collaborative projects such as this zero-fee crypto exchange will become more common, which is great news for potential investors who currently seek more trust and reliability.
European countries; the U.K.;	However, over the past several months, possibly influenced by the G20’s call to regulate crypto and the open-minded stance of a handful of European countries such as the U.K. and France toward cryptocurrencies, the euro (EUR) trading pair has started to account for a fair share of both Bitcoin and Ethereum’s volumes.
European countries; France;	However, over the past several months, possibly influenced by the G20’s call to regulate crypto and the open-minded stance of a handful of European countries such as the U.K. and France toward cryptocurrencies, the euro (EUR) trading pair has started to account for a fair share of both Bitcoin and Ethereum’s volumes.
platforms; Bitstamp;	Currently, apart from regulated fiat-to-crypto trading platforms such as Bitstamp, the European market already has several publicly-traded investment vehicles that allow accredited individual and institutional investors to invest in.
platforms; the European market;	Currently, apart from regulated fiat-to-crypto trading platforms such as Bitstamp, the European market already has several publicly-traded investment vehicles that allow accredited individual and institutional investors to invest in.
markets; Singapore;	The leading positions belong to such markets as Singapore, Japan, South Korea and the U.S.
markets; Japan;	The leading positions belong to such markets as Singapore, Japan, South Korea and the U.S.
markets; South;	The leading positions belong to such markets as Singapore, Japan, South Korea and the U.S.
European countries; the U.K.;	Nevertheless, over the past months, European countries such as the U.K. and France have started to pay much more attention to cryptocurrencies.
European countries; France;	Nevertheless, over the past months, European countries such as the U.K. and France have started to pay much more attention to cryptocurrencies.
assets; equities;	The firm offers the trading of traditional investment assets such as equities, securitised derivatives, bonds, investment fund units and profit participation certificates.
’ cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	While the platform will initially only support ‘established’ cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, the number of tradable tokens will increase in due time.
’ cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	While the platform will initially only support ‘established’ cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, the number of tradable tokens will increase in due time.
companies; American;	Ripple specializes in cross-border payments and companies such as American Express have greatly applauded the ability for the blockchain, specifically Ripple’s, to make these cross-border payments much more efficient.
East-based financial institutions; National;	Finablr’s UAE Exchange joins other Middle East-based financial institutions such as National Bank of Ras Al Khaimah (RAKBANK) and Kuwait Finance House in utilizing Ripple’s technology for cross-border transactions.
businesses; Bank;	Finablr also runs Travelex Holdings, Xpress Money, Ditto Bank, Remit2India, and other businesses.
businesses; Remit2India;	Finablr also runs Travelex Holdings, Xpress Money, Ditto Bank, Remit2India, and other businesses.
parts; the US;	Ripple, on many occasions, have been observed to hold the view that the Association of Southeast Asian Nations [ASEAN] region is quicker with blockchain adoption and regulatory framework than the US and other parts of the world.
altcoins; Bitcoin;	With their latest launch, Opera will be giving support to all Ethereum and ERC20 based tokens, although users of Bitcoin and other altcoins will still require a different solution.
social benefits; bonuses;	The blog alleges that dependency on the carnet de la patria system to access much-needed pension bonuses and other social benefits has enabled the government to pressure citizens to “ditch their official banking system,” and that adding payment functionality –– as well as integrating the Petro and Patria wallets, without needing recourse to a bank –– would complete the government’s desired short-circuit.
exchanges; Crypto/Crypto;	#TRX was already listed on more than 100 exchanges, including Crypto/Crypto & Crypto/ Fiat trading pairs.
exchanges; Crypto/Crypto;	#TRX was already listed on more than 100 exchanges, including Crypto/Crypto & Crypto/ Fiat trading pairs.” _ Justin Sun, Twitter.
Ripple; National;	UAE Exchange is one of a growing number of financial institutions in the Middle East to join Ripple, including National Bank of Ras Al Khaimah and Kuwait Finance House.
traditional financial services; full current accounts;	Revolut has explained that at first everything will be done “behind the scenes” so that the company will eventually be able to offer full current accounts, overdrafts, and other traditional financial services.
traditional financial services; overdrafts;	Revolut has explained that at first everything will be done “behind the scenes” so that the company will eventually be able to offer full current accounts, overdrafts, and other traditional financial services.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Revolut features an in-app exchange that allows users to gain exposure to five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Ripple.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Revolut features an in-app exchange that allows users to gain exposure to five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Ripple.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	Revolut, a UK-based financial firm that allows users to buy, sell, and store digital currencies such as bitcoin (BTC), XRP, and ether (ETH), has announced that it has received a banking license from the European Central Bank.
traditional banking; processor;	All being well, the bank plans to launch full current accounts, overdrafts, personal loans, direct debits, an in-house payment processor, and other traditional banking services.
notable investors; Index;	Revolut boasts notable investors including Index Ventures (a backer of crypto startups BitPay and Xapo), as well as Balderton Capital and Ribbit Capital.
prominent digital assets; Stellar;	This is due to the exchange delaying to list other prominent digital assets such as Stellar (XLM) and Cardano (ADA).
indicators; adoption;	As opposed to a flaw in his analysis for the worth of Bitcoin, Lee blames an irrational market for creating the current state of cryptocurrency valuation, with other indicators such as adoption pointing to a higher value,
prices; losses;	While Novogratz remarked that it had been a horrible year for token prices, including losses for Galaxy Digital which have exceeded $130 million in 2018, he stuck by a strong outlook for the industry in 2019 and beyond,
factors; account;	As reported by Bloomberg, Lee's assessment is based on his "fair value" metric, which takes into account the number of active BTC wallet addresses, the usage per account and other factors influencing supply.
current active indicators; a number;	Tom Lee says, that he has come to this conclusion by looking at current active indicators such as a number of active wallets, daily usage per account and factors influencing supply.
factors; account;	Due to the number of active wallet addresses, usage per account, and other factors, Lee has said BTC should be worth around $14,800, rather than the $3,200 at the time of writing.
some ERC-20 tokens; MKR;	Users are also able to transact with some ERC-20 tokens such as MKR and DAI, with many more to come in the following weeks.
some ERC-20 tokens; DAI;	Users are also able to transact with some ERC-20 tokens such as MKR and DAI, with many more to come in the following weeks.
Republicans; Davidson;	Davidson and other Republicans have been investigating alternative means to fund the wall if federal funding fails to materialize.
US; Davidson;	Trump Administration’s plans to build the wall have not been well received by some, however this has not deterred Davidson and other US lawmakers (who support the initiative) from proposing various ways to fund the project.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
competitors; Charles;	Robinhood first started rivaling competitors such as Charles Schwab when it introduced commission-free trades in 2013.
investment; stocks;	The SIPC notes that it “does not bail out investors when the value of their stocks, bonds and other investment falls for any reason.
investment; bonds;	The SIPC notes that it “does not bail out investors when the value of their stocks, bonds and other investment falls for any reason.
securities; stocks;	Instead, in a liquidation, SIPC replaces the missing stocks and other securities when it is possible to do so.”
many cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Circle Invest allows users to buy and sell many cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, ZEC, XMR, and many more, all from their simple mobile app.
many cryptocurrencies; ETH;	Circle Invest allows users to buy and sell many cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, ZEC, XMR, and many more, all from their simple mobile app.
many cryptocurrencies; BCH;	Circle Invest allows users to buy and sell many cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, ZEC, XMR, and many more, all from their simple mobile app.
many cryptocurrencies; ETC;	Circle Invest allows users to buy and sell many cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, ZEC, XMR, and many more, all from their simple mobile app.
many cryptocurrencies; LTC;	Circle Invest allows users to buy and sell many cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, ZEC, XMR, and many more, all from their simple mobile app.
many cryptocurrencies; ZEC;	Circle Invest allows users to buy and sell many cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, ZEC, XMR, and many more, all from their simple mobile app.
many cryptocurrencies; XMR;	Circle Invest allows users to buy and sell many cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, ZEC, XMR, and many more, all from their simple mobile app.
major cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	As Bitcoin (BTC) declined in value, other major cryptocurrencies including Ethereum (ETH), Stellar (XLM), and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) experienced large losses against the U.S. dollar, with BCH falling by more than 11 percent.
institutional heavyweights; Bakkt;	The near future sees no catalyzing factors to reverse this trend and crypto aficionados are pinning hopes on institutional heavyweights such as Bakkt and Fidelity getting their products off the launch pad.
institutional heavyweights; Fidelity;	The near future sees no catalyzing factors to reverse this trend and crypto aficionados are pinning hopes on institutional heavyweights such as Bakkt and Fidelity getting their products off the launch pad.
technology; cryptocurrency;	Regardless of the current market situation, blockchain technology, including cryptocurrency is growing, although as LinkedIn said, “Only time will tell if blockchain will be a long-standing trend in the job market.”
similar fields; Science;	The need for experienced blockchain professionals is followed by engineers with experience in Machine Learning, Sales, Medical Representatives, Data Science, and other similar fields.
technology; amongst tech giants;	The exponential growth in the blockchain development market could be fueled by the rise in the use of blockchain technology, especially amongst tech giants.
trends; eSports;	We maintain our underlying buy-rated thesis of Nvidia as a key beneficiary of secular growth trends such as eSports, deep learning, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving.”
trends; deep learning;	We maintain our underlying buy-rated thesis of Nvidia as a key beneficiary of secular growth trends such as eSports, deep learning, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving.”
trends; artificial intelligence;	We maintain our underlying buy-rated thesis of Nvidia as a key beneficiary of secular growth trends such as eSports, deep learning, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving.”
markets; Latin;	Binance Labs will be looking to get involved in emerging markets such as Latin America and Africa as Ella Zhang, Head of Binance Labs believes “Those two emerging markets have native blockchain and crypto use cases.
commercial businesses; exchanges;	Since then, the valuation of many projects has declined substantially, while the valuation of commercial businesses such as exchanges, over-the-counter (OTC) markets, and custodial solution providers has maintained relative stability.
third-party applications; WeChat;	Additionally, the Chinese Ministry of Information Technology revealed in June 2018 that 48 percent of all payments in the country came from third-party applications such as WeChat.
governments; the moon;	Ever since NASA landed on the moon and other governments launched citizens into space, a number of companies in the private sector have sought to send people into orbit.
digital assets; ethereum;	Individuals can reserve their stay for a downpayment of $80,000 and the company is accepting digital assets such as ethereum (ETH), bitcoin cash (BCH), litecoin (LTC), and bitcoin core (BTC).
virtual amenities; a holodeck;	The hotel will have virtual amenities such as a holodeck and live streaming wireless internet access.
virtual amenities; live streaming;	The hotel will have virtual amenities such as a holodeck and live streaming wireless internet access.
policies; free trade;	The legislative body adopted a resolution on Thursday, dubbed “Blockchain: a forward-looking trade policy,” setting out how the nascent technology could improve EU trade policies, including free trade and mutual recognition agreements.
policies; mutual recognition;	The legislative body adopted a resolution on Thursday, dubbed “Blockchain: a forward-looking trade policy,” setting out how the nascent technology could improve EU trade policies, including free trade and mutual recognition agreements.
the pairings; Coinbene;	The BTI also found wash-trading forms 99 percent of trade activity for 12 of the pairings, including Coinbene’s top-ranked BTC/USDT pairing, Oex’s fifth-ranked ETH/BTC pairing, Digifinex’s eighth-ranked BTC/USDT pairing, and Coinbit’s ninth-ranked BTC/KRW pairing.
exchanges; Crypto/Crypto;	#TRX was already listed on more than 100 exchanges, including Crypto/Crypto & Crypto/ Fiat trading pairs”
processors; Coinbase;	The social media platform has since switched to the self-hosted BTCPay Server solution, reducing its dependence on third-party payment processors such as Coinbase and BitPay.
processors; BitPay;	The social media platform has since switched to the self-hosted BTCPay Server solution, reducing its dependence on third-party payment processors such as Coinbase and BitPay.
catalysts; approval;	For most of the year, the valuation of all BCH stayed far ahead of LTC’s capitalization, moving relatively higher on the back of Bitmain’s stamp of approval and other catalysts.
rudimentary problems; order;	However, as the DDEX platform scales, it is becoming "plagued by rudimentary problems such as order collision, front-running, and poor liquidity".
rudimentary problems; order;	Li, who is also the CEO of decentralized cryptocurrency exchange DDEX, noted 0x’s contribution to the growth of DDEX but pointed to “rudimentary problems such as order collision, front-running, and poor liquidity” as factors prompting the team to decide on a fork of the protocol.
technologies; IOTA;	This presentation has been successful and provided another example of why it’s so important to explore the emerging technologies such as IOTA with a new approach which focuses on customers.
rudimentary problems; order;	He noted that DDEX has, since it was created, became one of the largest decentralized exchanges on the Ethereum network, and that it became evident most DEXs are currently “plagued by rudimentary problems such as order collision, front-running, and poor liquidity.”
rudimentary problems; order;	Being on the front-lines, it is painfully apparent that most DEXs today still are plagued by rudimentary problems such as order collision, front-running, and poor liquidity.
digital assets; items;	The Ox protocol facilitates the exchange of ERC20 tokens, game items and other digital assets on the Ethereum network.
new technologies; blockchain;	Switzerland's Federal Council, a seven-member executive council that makes up part of the country's government, on December 14 outlined a series of planned changes to the Swiss legal framework and its ability to "deal with new technologies including blockchain" and, more generally, distributed ledger technology (DLT).
financial laws; the monitoring;	The Council wants to see a set of adjustments to existing financial laws, including the monitoring and review of the potential risk of money laundering and terror financing through digital assets.
financial laws; review;	The Council wants to see a set of adjustments to existing financial laws, including the monitoring and review of the potential risk of money laundering and terror financing through digital assets.
new technologies; blockchain;	Switzerland has always paid attention to innovations and technologies and now the country’s Federal Council wants to update to the Swiss legal framework with a view to make it more appropriate for new technologies including blockchain.
issues; money;	Recently, the Council has announced that they want to adjust the financial laws that already exist and to focus on such issues as money laundering and financial fraud with the involvement of digital assets.
countries; Switzerland;	The association helps startups and other tech projects in Switzerland and other countries to fulfill their potential.
currencies; Bitcoin;	During these troublesome times for Bitcoin and other currencies, he decided to airdrop some money in the real world.
aliases; “ Mr;	The man, who was identified as Wong Ching Kit (with aliases such as “Mr.
products; a HK;	“The young man has given media interviews under various monikers, promoting investment products, including a HK$27,500 computer he claimed could be used for cryptocurrency mining.
a performance; a Mao;	In May 2018, organizers of a blockchain conference in China were subjected to harsh criticism after they arranged a performance including a Mao Zedong impersonator.
relevant communities; r/Ethereum;	Multiple other metrics are noted, including the growth of relevant communities such as r/Ethereum and the Bounties Network.
relevant communities; the Bounties;	Multiple other metrics are noted, including the growth of relevant communities such as r/Ethereum and the Bounties Network.
corporations; Merck;	Another reason to be optimistic about the virtual asset is that it could bring in 86 more corporations including Merck, Microsoft and JPMorgan Chase.
corporations; Microsoft;	Another reason to be optimistic about the virtual asset is that it could bring in 86 more corporations including Merck, Microsoft and JPMorgan Chase.
corporations; JPMorgan;	Another reason to be optimistic about the virtual asset is that it could bring in 86 more corporations including Merck, Microsoft and JPMorgan Chase.
like-minded lawmakers; Mulvaney;	The collective effort from Mulvaney and other like-minded lawmakers can have some influence on the minds of U.S. regulators.
Countries; Estonia;	Countries such as Estonia, Japan, and Malta are taking a more positive approach to DLTs, while larger nations like the U.S., China, and Russia have been far harsher with their verdicts.
Countries; Japan;	Countries such as Estonia, Japan, and Malta are taking a more positive approach to DLTs, while larger nations like the U.S., China, and Russia have been far harsher with their verdicts.
technologies; initial coin;	This is most recently manifested in areas such as data protection and cybersecurity as well as the emergence of new investments and technologies such as initial coin offerings and blockchain.
fraud; digital currency;	This year, Trump also created a new task force designed to fight cyber fraud, including digital currency.
industries; energy;	The cooperation is expected to provide a variety of BaaS solutions to BIOS ME clients operating in industries such as energy, finance, petrochem and healthcare.
industries; finance;	The cooperation is expected to provide a variety of BaaS solutions to BIOS ME clients operating in industries such as energy, finance, petrochem and healthcare.
industries; petrochem;	The cooperation is expected to provide a variety of BaaS solutions to BIOS ME clients operating in industries such as energy, finance, petrochem and healthcare.
industries; healthcare;	The cooperation is expected to provide a variety of BaaS solutions to BIOS ME clients operating in industries such as energy, finance, petrochem and healthcare.
goals; p2p trading;	Reiterating their dedication to a diverse set of goals, including p2p trading, open orderbook, and order matching, they acknowledged that some projects might think this is too much for a single project to handle.
goals; open orderbook;	Reiterating their dedication to a diverse set of goals, including p2p trading, open orderbook, and order matching, they acknowledged that some projects might think this is too much for a single project to handle.
a digital revolution; places;	The Middle East is going through a digital revolution, especially places like Dubai are working progressively to embrace Blockchain technology and make the middle east a Blockchain hub.
projects; MaidSafe;	With that aim, Substratum is similar to shared resource projects such as MaidSafe, Siacoin and others.
projects; Siacoin;	With that aim, Substratum is similar to shared resource projects such as MaidSafe, Siacoin and others.
projects; others;	With that aim, Substratum is similar to shared resource projects such as MaidSafe, Siacoin and others.
games; VR;	AlterVerse has already completed a wide range of features for its games including VR compatibility, rank and stats system, weapon types, in-game voice chat, interactive, combat systems, an affiliate program, and more.
entities; banks;	They have been unable to transfer money from Iran because of increased US-backed sanctions against banks and other entities in the western Asian country.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Naturally enough, some of the students have apparently turned to “Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies” to carry out the transactions, according IranWire.com.
reasons; low transfer;	The users cited reasons such as low transfer fees, security, and ease of conducting international payments with crypto versus the traditional banking networks.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The piece quotes a reporter from IranWire, who mentions that ‘many’ Iranian students are having trouble gaining access to UK banking facilities, and accordingly ‘are using Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in order to get money.’ US economic sanctions have precluded Iran from accessing the SWIFT banking network,  which has severely restricted residents from making international monetary transactions and banking transfers.
the years; an embargo;	United States Government has imposed several different sanctions on Iran over the years such as an embargo on dealings with the country by the U.S and ban on selling several kinds of goods for example aircraft and repair parts to Iranian Aviation companies.
government-run banks; the Brazillian;	Brazil is known to have corrupted government-run banks such as the Brazillian National Social Development Bank, and so stablecoins are bound to keep things intact and reduce corruption.
institutions; Ancine;	With institutions such as Ancine implementing the BNDES stablecoin, it will show financial records in real time thanks to Ethereum Foundation developer Alex Van De Sande.
guard; eToro ’;	The surprise spike caught many off guard, including eToro’s crypto analyst Mati Greenspan.
funds; promises;	Cryptocurrency scams continued in many forms in 2018, although deepening losses in November and December cleared some of the attempts to get funds, including promises of Ethereum (ETH) giveaways.
first generation; Bitcoin;	In private cryptocurrencies, the information about the specific details of a transaction is not readily apparent for the public, contrary to Bitcoin and other first generation cryptocurrencies which enabled anyone to view the comings and goings of currencies in an unlimited fashion.
services; pools;	According to the post by Z-Cash’s Paige Peterson, mining pools and other services have begun to support shielded addresses for withdrawals, as well as exchanges.
well-known brands; Uber;	These gift cards can be spent at Uber, Nike, and other well-known brands.
well-known brands; Nike;	These gift cards can be spent at Uber, Nike, and other well-known brands.
well-known brands; Uber;	These gift cards can be spent at Uber, Nike, and other well-known brands.
well-known brands; Nike;	These gift cards can be spent at Uber, Nike, and other well-known brands.
new features; crypto-to-crypto trading;	Coinbase’s new holiday program called “The 12 Days of Coinbase” brought interesting new features, including crypto-to-crypto trading.
areas; development;	Besides the license agreement, both partners have also engaged in a memorandum of understanding to develop strategic partnership to in exploring mutual opportunities in gaming, product development, blockchain and other areas.
areas; blockchain;	Besides the license agreement, both partners have also engaged in a memorandum of understanding to develop strategic partnership to in exploring mutual opportunities in gaming, product development, blockchain and other areas.
video games; Tetris;	Atari — famous for being the developer of video games such as Tetris and Pac Man — says the rights agreement allows Animoca to produce and publish blockchain versions of Atari mobile games “RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch” and “Goon Squad” globally, excluding China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau.
video games; Pac;	Atari — famous for being the developer of video games such as Tetris and Pac Man — says the rights agreement allows Animoca to produce and publish blockchain versions of Atari mobile games “RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch” and “Goon Squad” globally, excluding China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau.
various platforms; Windows;	Since then, the franchise has been launched across various platforms, including Windows, Xbox, macOS, Switch and 3DS.
various platforms; Xbox;	Since then, the franchise has been launched across various platforms, including Windows, Xbox, macOS, Switch and 3DS.
various platforms; macOS;	Since then, the franchise has been launched across various platforms, including Windows, Xbox, macOS, Switch and 3DS.
various platforms; Switch;	Since then, the franchise has been launched across various platforms, including Windows, Xbox, macOS, Switch and 3DS.
major exchanges; OKEx;	Malta is now home to many crypto-related firms, including such major exchanges as OKEx and Binance, which opened offices in Malta earlier this year.
major exchanges; Binance;	Malta is now home to many crypto-related firms, including such major exchanges as OKEx and Binance, which opened offices in Malta earlier this year.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Christine, who once slammed Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, now says that with central banks creating their own cryptocurrencies, transactions and transfers will be safer, and this could help stand against cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.
financial institutions; banks;	Ripple’s infrastructure is designed to make transactions faster and convenient for banks and other financial institutions.
companies; Omni;	There are other companies such as Omni or Coil, and also some individual developers that are working in order to increase and facilitate XRP payments.
companies; Coil;	There are other companies such as Omni or Coil, and also some individual developers that are working in order to increase and facilitate XRP payments.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Some analysts have speculated that the squeeze of short contracts on margin trading platforms led most cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin that demonstrated extremely oversold conditions to endure a corrective rally.
major cities; Seoul;	ICON has been sponsoring and operating ICX Station, which is a global accelerator program established in major cities including Seoul, San Francisco, and Singapore.
major cities; San;	ICON has been sponsoring and operating ICX Station, which is a global accelerator program established in major cities including Seoul, San Francisco, and Singapore.
services; integration;	It is Japan’s leading blockchain company and provides blockchain related services, including services such as integration for enterprise, smart contract audit, consulting and R&D.
the world; Singapore;	The ICX Station is a global accelerator program that is currently operating in big cities around the world, including Singapore, Seoul and San Francisco.
the world; Seoul;	The ICX Station is a global accelerator program that is currently operating in big cities around the world, including Singapore, Seoul and San Francisco.
the world; San;	The ICX Station is a global accelerator program that is currently operating in big cities around the world, including Singapore, Seoul and San Francisco.
blockchain; these infrastructures;	He believes that with the improvement of these infrastructures and other blockchain based initiatives, there may not be much hindrance in the institutional adoption of the blockchain.
some notable financial institutions; American;	The acknowledgement from Western Union is another feather in the cap for Ripple, which has done well in attracting some notable financial institutions, including American Express and Santander.
Crypto companies; Ripple;	Crypto companies such as Ripple are already very competitive in rendering payment services around the globe.
clients; banks;	currently, hundreds of clients including banks and other financial institutions around the world use Ripple’s payment platform to provide fast and affordable payment to users.
currency; blockchain-based ones;	Almeida believes that the firm’s long-term stance makes it potentially ready to launch any type of currency, including blockchain-based ones:
details; the origin;	The information garnered by the survey did not elucidate a lot of details such as the origin of the money or its current address.
the company; assessments;	The Bahama-based bank accepted Tether as a client after a detailed review of the company, including assessments of the project’s ability to maintain the “USD-peg at any moment”.
places; Rice;	Moreover, over the last year, Tether moved its deposits frequently across Puerto Rice, Montreal and other places.
places; Montreal;	Moreover, over the last year, Tether moved its deposits frequently across Puerto Rice, Montreal and other places.
exchanges; Huobi;	The news from Bloomberg comes days after several prominent crypto exchanges such as Huobi, Coinbase and Binance, started listed more Stablecoins onto their platforms.
exchanges; Coinbase;	The news from Bloomberg comes days after several prominent crypto exchanges such as Huobi, Coinbase and Binance, started listed more Stablecoins onto their platforms.
exchanges; Binance;	The news from Bloomberg comes days after several prominent crypto exchanges such as Huobi, Coinbase and Binance, started listed more Stablecoins onto their platforms.
today; the announcement;	Stratis has releases and some big news coming today, including the announcement of the next ICO on the Stratis platform!#Stratis $STRAT #ico #blockchain
improvements; online;	NEL’s NeoRay is based on its previously released NeonDebug smart contract toolkit, but with various interface and usability improvements, including online community support, one-click TestNet GAS claims, and improved ease of setup.
board; MercuryFX;	So far, Ripple has confirmed at least three payment providers are on board, including MercuryFX, Cuallix and Catalyst Corporate Federal Credit Union.
board; Cuallix;	So far, Ripple has confirmed at least three payment providers are on board, including MercuryFX, Cuallix and Catalyst Corporate Federal Credit Union.
board; Catalyst;	So far, Ripple has confirmed at least three payment providers are on board, including MercuryFX, Cuallix and Catalyst Corporate Federal Credit Union.
good positions; Bitcoin;	The rest of the top ten are also in good positions, especially Bitcoin Cash (BCH), displaying an almighty comeback with a +30% gain on the24-hour charts.
platforms; Liquid;	That said, Chainstone as a company plans to support projects with ERC-20 tokens, Blockstream’s Liquid and other platforms going forward, Fenton added.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Indeed, for all the excitement around Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, the real leap forward which will change the way capital accumulates may not involve cryptocurrencies at all, but will involve the types of public blockchains which they are built on.
forms; equity;	Commentators have recently shown excitement surrounding equity, real estate, and other forms of capital being put on a blockchain in opposition to the types of currencies people normally think of when they imagine cryptocurrency.
forms; real estate;	Commentators have recently shown excitement surrounding equity, real estate, and other forms of capital being put on a blockchain in opposition to the types of currencies people normally think of when they imagine cryptocurrency.
altcoin listings; a similar addition;	Coinbase has recently been rolling out a number of ERC-20 based tokens, as part of a general effort to expand their altcoin listings, including a similar addition of four separate ERC-20 tokens yesterday ().
new features; instant PayPal;	Most recently, Coinbase announced new features such as instant PayPal withdrawals and feeless crypto-to-crypto conversions.
investors; Coinbase;	Crypto data startup Nomics just secured $3 million in funding from investors including Coinbase Ventures.
crypto assets; Cardano;	Interestingly, Coinbase had hinted in July 2018, that it is “exploring” the addition of several other crypto assets, including Cardano (ADA), Stellar Lumens (XML), Zcash (ZEC), and 0x (ZRX).
analysts; global market;	That’s the assessment of a team of JPMorgan Chase & Co. analysts, including global market strategist Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou.
platforms; Coinbase;	The blockchain and crypto research firm concluded that these investors are turning to OTC platforms such as Coinbase’s which witnessed a 20 percent hike in trading volume this year.
” analysts; Nikolaos;	“Participation by financial institutions in Bitcoin trading appears to be fading,” analysts including Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou wrote in a research note dated Dec. 14.
analysts; Nikolaos;	According to Bloomberg, analysts including Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou found that open interest for bitcoin futures contracts on the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE) and on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) has been dropping.
users; exchanges;	These improvements are important for cryptocurrency exchanges and other users with large wallets.
users; crypto exchanges;	These improvements favor crypto exchanges and other users who own large wallets.
protocols; ETH;	The surge in the price of ETH, BCH, and other protocols like EOS show that traders are more comfortable in entering high-risk positions and confident in the short-term trend of the market.
protocols; BCH;	The surge in the price of ETH, BCH, and other protocols like EOS show that traders are more comfortable in entering high-risk positions and confident in the short-term trend of the market.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	What are your thoughts on the 48 hour gains experienced by Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies?
altcoins; Litcoin;	Though BCH managed to stay in the top 10 list by market capitalization, it was overtaken by other altcoins such as Litcoin [LTC], Stellar [XLM] etc several times in the past 2 weeks.
rankings; Bitcoin;	Many have traded places in their rankings including Bitcoin Cash (BCH) which is currently fighting for the top 4 spot based on market cap.
sources; API;	Alongside this, you could even track the Bitcoin Cash code repository, pull requests and more with our oracle pulling data from Github’s API and other sources.”
technology; proof-of-stake consensus;	The project includes groundbreaking technology including proof-of-stake consensus, parallel transaction execution and state separation.
technology; parallel transaction;	The project includes groundbreaking technology including proof-of-stake consensus, parallel transaction execution and state separation.
areas; developers;	It will be interesting to see how these projects progress in the coming months as the grants received should help fund developers and other areas of the projects.
projects; EOS;	The problem of scalability is of particular importance for this community precisely because of its popularity that makes it the preferred platform for the development of decentralized applications, despite the fact that other projects such as EOS and Tron claim to be much more efficient.
projects; Tron;	The problem of scalability is of particular importance for this community precisely because of its popularity that makes it the preferred platform for the development of decentralized applications, despite the fact that other projects such as EOS and Tron claim to be much more efficient.
implementations; the Lightning;	The processor also supports bitcoin protocol implementations such as the Lightning Network and SegWit.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In August, Coinbase launched a new plugin, Coinbase Commerce, designed to give millions of websites the power to accept major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash.
major cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	In August, Coinbase launched a new plugin, Coinbase Commerce, designed to give millions of websites the power to accept major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash.
major cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	In August, Coinbase launched a new plugin, Coinbase Commerce, designed to give millions of websites the power to accept major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In August, Coinbase launched a new plugin, Coinbase Commerce, designed to give millions of websites the power to accept major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Rather than focus on providing rapid conversions back to fiat currency, as many Bitcoin payments processors on the market today do, OpenNode instead hopes to enable the spending of Bitcoin and other cryptos with existing companies.
popular venues; Starbucks;	According to a report in Observer, this should allow people to use digital currencies to make purchases at popular venues such as Starbucks, Subway, and Amazon.
popular venues; Subway;	According to a report in Observer, this should allow people to use digital currencies to make purchases at popular venues such as Starbucks, Subway, and Amazon.
features; v2.1.0;	The development upgrades to look forward to include features such as v2.1.0, which will migrate the coding language away from JavaScript to a much stricter language known as TypeScript.
Instruments; ETFs;	Therefore, Instruments such as ETFs will help the case as it would enable institutions to participate.
markets; Dhabi;	He talked about Abu Dhabi, Thailand and other markets where central banks have strived for regulatory clarity.
markets; Thailand;	He talked about Abu Dhabi, Thailand and other markets where central banks have strived for regulatory clarity.
the market; the demise;	He also talked about some of his predictions about the market, including the demise of the ICO sector.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Brad also talked about bank’s adoption of cryptocurrencies, especially XRP, saying that it is still early days:
topics; regulations;	The AMA covered an array of questions regarding a number of topics including regulations, transparency, institutional investment, the growth of Ripple, whether XRP is a security, and more.
topics; transparency;	The AMA covered an array of questions regarding a number of topics including regulations, transparency, institutional investment, the growth of Ripple, whether XRP is a security, and more.
topics; institutional investment;	The AMA covered an array of questions regarding a number of topics including regulations, transparency, institutional investment, the growth of Ripple, whether XRP is a security, and more.
topics; the growth;	The AMA covered an array of questions regarding a number of topics including regulations, transparency, institutional investment, the growth of Ripple, whether XRP is a security, and more.
regulatory bodies; the Securities;	Garlinghouse also predicted that there would be an increase in regulation from regulatory bodies such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC).
regulatory bodies; Exchange;	Garlinghouse also predicted that there would be an increase in regulation from regulatory bodies such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodities and Futures Trading Commission (CFTC).
regulators; the SEC;	He went on to state that while he acknowledges that the SEC has a difficult job regulating the crypto market, Ripple will continue to work with the SEC and other regulators around the world to ensure that XRP is understood as an independent open-source digital asset separate from Ripple.
crypto assets; BTC;	The U.K. government has said that individual investors will be liable to pay capital gains tax each time they sell crypto assets such as BTC for profit.
deductions; transaction;	Holders can also apply for certain CGT deductions, including transaction fees.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Additionally, acceptance of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies by the government for tax payment could also be on the horizon.
deductions; transaction;	Holders can also apply for certain CGT deductions, including transaction fees.
bills; tax;	“Only recently I met with the RNLI [Royal National Lifeboat Institution] which is now accepting charitable donations through cryptocurrency – if we can do that, what’s to stop us being able to pay council tax and other bills with bitcoin?.”
some initiatives; the appointment;	In the paper, he proposed some initiatives including the appointment of a public-facing chief blockchain officer and establishment of a blockchain based competition in the UK.
networks; Vostok;	Per the founder of Waves Platform, Sasha Ivanov, there is a need in the market for decentralized networks such as Vostok and this will continue to be the case:
new technologies; artificial intelligence;	The new product will reportedly help the Waves Platform to develop new technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), and blockchain in order to “support a truly open and decentralised web.”
Regulatory branches; the US;	Regulatory branches such as the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) have been maneuvering throughout the year, exploring blockchain and digital currencies and handing out hefty fines as they try to find the sweet spot that allows innovators to innovate and regulators to protect consumers against fraudsters, scammers and manipulators.
industry; Stanford;	The team behind the Liegl’s firm boast an array of experience from established tech firms like Google as well as the financial services industry such as Stanford Management Company.
prominent investors; Barry;	According to the official release, the funding round included prominent investors such as Barry Silbert’s Digital Currency Group and PayPal’s co-founder Peter Thiel.
cryptos; grin;	According to an active job post, Layer1 may also be planning to mine grin and other cryptos.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Even though the Iran Rial is weakening against the USD, as well as the bear market Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are facing, many Iranians are turning to mine digital tokens to help make money, as per a report on December 17, 2018.
centralized institutions; banks;	By using centralized institutions such as banks users put their data at risk.
centric Cryptocurrencies; Monero;	Senior analyst at eToro, Mati Greenspan sees this as a perfect use case for Privacy centric Cryptocurrencies such as Monero and Dash.
centric Cryptocurrencies; Dash;	Senior analyst at eToro, Mati Greenspan sees this as a perfect use case for Privacy centric Cryptocurrencies such as Monero and Dash.
coins; Dash;	This will almost certainly increase the usage of privacy coins, especially Dash and Monero in Canada.https://t.co/C7yf4VBJSx
coins; Monero;	This will almost certainly increase the usage of privacy coins, especially Dash and Monero in Canada.https://t.co/C7yf4VBJSx
parties; transactions;	You will have to show the amount in Aussie dollars and name the purpose of your transactions and other parties involved in the trade.
assets; Bitcoin;	Virtual assets, including Bitcoin (BTC), are properties, not currencies as per Australia’s laws and regulatory rules, ATO reminded.
personal use; enjoyment;	Australian citizens do not owe taxes if they pose virtual assets worth less than A$ 10,000 ($7,171) for personal use such as enjoyment.
apps; a Dash;	smartphones that come pre-equipped with a variety of Dash apps including a Dash
a time; the invite;	Coinbase will make the educational content available for everyone until such a time as the invite only mode is open to all users.
some indicators; Google;	Although the cryptocurrency market has been in a bloodbath this year which has intensified towards this end of the year, some indicators such as Google Trend search history suggest that cryptocurrencies are still quite popular around the world.
the poll; Cash;	There were a number of options that users could choose from in the poll including Cash, Bank transfer, Gift voucher, Digital currency.
the poll; Bank;	There were a number of options that users could choose from in the poll including Cash, Bank transfer, Gift voucher, Digital currency.
programs; airdrop competitions;	The organization reportedly implemented a “series of airdrop competitions, raffles, rebates, and other programs” to bring in non-Korean users.
programs; raffles;	The organization reportedly implemented a “series of airdrop competitions, raffles, rebates, and other programs” to bring in non-Korean users.
programs; rebates;	The organization reportedly implemented a “series of airdrop competitions, raffles, rebates, and other programs” to bring in non-Korean users.
markets; Kraken;	U.S markets including Kraken and Coinbase Pro posted lower figures at $3,712.
markets; Coinbase;	U.S markets including Kraken and Coinbase Pro posted lower figures at $3,712.
all major currencies; Bitcoin;	This includes all major currencies such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], XRP, Bitcoin Cash [BCHABC], and Litecoin [LTC].
cryptocurrencies; ];	Recently, Mike Novogratz, spoke about Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies massive drop in price, with most of the currencies seeing over 90% drop since their all-time high.
the usual events; an injection;	The current rally is happening as a result of momentum building up this week, with none of the usual events such as an injection of USDT on Bitfinex.
big players; JP;	Other achievements are that IBM and Visa have issued blockchain-focused initiatives while the Wall Street big players such as JP Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs have also started to explain the blockchain industry.
the world; Europe;	These have been able to bring the power of the blockchain based-remittance services to more locations in the world including Europe, Asia, and Latin America.
the world; Asia;	These have been able to bring the power of the blockchain based-remittance services to more locations in the world including Europe, Asia, and Latin America.
companies; Steemit;	The latest piece of good news from Polychain challenges now the image of an empty battlefield after the bear trend, with companies such as Steemit laying off 70 percent of their staff or ETCDEV shutting operations due to lack of funds.
—; the distribution;	The use of general LN-enabled micropayments has long been discussed as a viable alternative business model across a range of industries — including the distribution of content in the entertainment industry, or enabling Bitcoin’s use for small everyday retail purchases, such as coffee, by removing the burden of high transaction fees.
a company; an ownership;	And, perhaps most notably, under the bill’s definition, a digital token “is not a representation of a financial interest in a company, including an ownership or debt interest or revenue share.”
a company; debt;	And, perhaps most notably, under the bill’s definition, a digital token “is not a representation of a financial interest in a company, including an ownership or debt interest or revenue share.”
precious metal; bullion;	Similarly, the bill seeks to make exchanges of one cryptocurrency for another tax-exempt and to create an additional exemption for individual retirement accounts (IRAs) alongside those that exist for gold bullion and other precious metal coins.
cryptos; ICOs;	At a Senate hearing early in the year, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton echoed William’s sentiments, but he added that most other cryptos, including ICOs, are actually securities.
financial regulators; the CFTC;	Just two days after Davidson, on 8th of December, congressmen Darren Soto and Ted Budd have introduced the bills that direct the CFTC and other financial regulators to make recommendations for how to improve the crypto regulatory environment for both consumers and businesses.
Countries; Japan;	Countries such as Japan or Thailand have been working in order to provide clear information to investors and companies in the market.
Countries; Thailand;	Countries such as Japan or Thailand have been working in order to provide clear information to investors and companies in the market.
participants; Fidelity;	Congressmen’s initiative follows on the heels of the roundtable that took place on Washington DC only a few months earlier, on which participants such as Fidelity, Nasdaq, State Street, Andreessen Horowitz and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, discussed regulatory matters regarding digital currencies.
participants; Nasdaq;	Congressmen’s initiative follows on the heels of the roundtable that took place on Washington DC only a few months earlier, on which participants such as Fidelity, Nasdaq, State Street, Andreessen Horowitz and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, discussed regulatory matters regarding digital currencies.
participants; State;	Congressmen’s initiative follows on the heels of the roundtable that took place on Washington DC only a few months earlier, on which participants such as Fidelity, Nasdaq, State Street, Andreessen Horowitz and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, discussed regulatory matters regarding digital currencies.
technology; Singapore;	Congressman Davidson said the bill aims to strengthen United States’ competitiveness against other leading countries in blockchain technology such as Singapore and Switzerland.
technology; Switzerland;	Congressman Davidson said the bill aims to strengthen United States’ competitiveness against other leading countries in blockchain technology such as Singapore and Switzerland.
investors; senior citizens;	These statutes, coupled with the instruction provided by the courts, continue to protect senior citizens, retirees, and other investors.
investors; retirees;	These statutes, coupled with the instruction provided by the courts, continue to protect senior citizens, retirees, and other investors.
investors; these senior citizens;	Any significant changes to the scope of these time-tested laws must ensure that regulators are able to continue to protect these senior citizens, retirees, and other investors.
investors; retirees;	Any significant changes to the scope of these time-tested laws must ensure that regulators are able to continue to protect these senior citizens, retirees, and other investors.
investments; Switzerland;	According to Davidson and Soto, the proposal would make the US economy more competitive compared to the countries that have already benefited from crypto investments, including Switzerland and Singapore.
investments; Singapore;	According to Davidson and Soto, the proposal would make the US economy more competitive compared to the countries that have already benefited from crypto investments, including Switzerland and Singapore.
services; merchants;	This includes things like exchanges, trading platforms and brokerages, as well as merchants and other services.
market; Bladetech;	More recently, CCN also reported that several cryptocurrency mining operations across Europe and Asia are shutting down because of the bear market, including Bladetech, a startup behind what was to be the largest crypto mining facility in the UK.
market; a startup;	More recently, CCN also reported that several cryptocurrency mining operations across Europe and Asia are shutting down because of the bear market, including Bladetech, a startup behind what was to be the largest crypto mining facility in the UK.
Ethereum-related products; Infura;	ConsenSys, the chief producer hub for Ethereum-related products such as Infura and MetaMask, is considering a deeper restructuring, spinning off side projects and letting go of up to 60% of the teams, The Verge reported, citing inside sources.
Ethereum-related products; MetaMask;	ConsenSys, the chief producer hub for Ethereum-related products such as Infura and MetaMask, is considering a deeper restructuring, spinning off side projects and letting go of up to 60% of the teams, The Verge reported, citing inside sources.
the business; ConsenSys;	“Excited as we are about ConsenSys 2.0, our first step in this direction has been a difficult one: we are streamlining several parts of the business including ConsenSys Solutions, spokes, and hub services, leading to a 13% reduction of mesh members...
the business; ConsenSys;	“Excited as we are about ConsenSys 2.0, our first step in this direction has been a difficult one: we are streamlining several parts of the business including ConsenSys Solutions, spokes, and hub services, leading to a 13% reduction of mesh members,” the company detailed in a statement.
popular Tron; blockchain;	The card is designed to work with Poppy, a payment processor on the Tron blockchain, and other popular Tron wallets to enable TRX payments at retail stores and peer-to-peer.
cybercriminals; hackers;	Cryptocurrencies are a target of hackers and other cybercriminals.
efforts; the remittance;	Remittances are money sent back home from those living outside their country of origin, and the remittance market is becoming the focus of a number of crypto efforts, especially the remittance market surrounding the continent of Asia, which alone is a $256 Billion market, and is often pointed out as a perfect opportunity for a crypto use-case.
the strategy; a plan;	Facebook is far from releasing the coin, because it’s still working on the strategy, including a plan for custody assets, or regular currencies that would be held to protect the value of the stablecoin..."
assets; regular fiat;	The strategy also includes plans of backing up the stablecoin with assets such as regular fiat.
providers; Banks;	Other remittance service providers such as Banks, Moneygram and Western Union might need to restrategize once facebook goes live with its stablecoin on WhatsApp.
providers; Moneygram;	Other remittance service providers such as Banks, Moneygram and Western Union might need to restrategize once facebook goes live with its stablecoin on WhatsApp.
providers; Western;	Other remittance service providers such as Banks, Moneygram and Western Union might need to restrategize once facebook goes live with its stablecoin on WhatsApp.
types; blockchain;	Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook CEO, first expressed his interest in blockchain and other types of distributed ledger technologies.
the strategy; a plan;	According to the sources, the company is still working on the strategy, including a plan for custody assets or regular currencies, which would be held to protect the value of the stablecoin.
the strategy; a plan;	As was reported by Bloomberg, Facebook is far from releasing the coin, as at the moment the company is “working on the strategy, including a plan for custody assets, or regular currencies that would be held to protect the value of the stablecoin.” Moreover, the focus will initially be “on the remittances market in India.”
the world; Andreessen;	Basis, a New Jersey-based crypto stablecoin project, backed by some of the largest VC firms in the world, including Andreessen Horowitz and Bain Capital Ventures, recently announced that it is terminating its operations.
“; a plan;	With this concept, Facebook is planning to minimize volatility “including a plan for custody assets, or regular currencies that would be held to protect the value of the stablecoin”.
popular currencies; Bitcoin;	Stablecoins provide a more consumer-friendly landscape for digital transactions, as opposed to the investment-focused asset classification of Bitcoin and other popular currencies.
products; micro-payments;	As per sources close to the matter, Facebook will deploy a stablecoin offering on its widely-popular WhatsApp service mobile application that initially begun as a messaging platform but has since grown to offer an umbrella of products such as micro-payments.
service; high charges;	However, the process is slow and dominated by a few remittance companies worldwide, which attach high charges and other service costs to funds and ultimately increase expense.
releases; a plan;	However, it is confirmed that Facebook is working on a robust strategy to avoid untoward occurrences once the stablecoin releases, including a plan to develop a custodial fund that holds various currencies and protects the value of the token.
businesses; Nobile;	Other businesses including Nobile Plaza Hotel, ecommerce website Fasttech.com, robotic and electronic parts retailer Webtronico hotels, and Imperius Food are also taking crypto payments in Brazil.
similar documents; liens;	The register will provide tamper-proof records of various land-related data stretching back to 1996, and will include “mortgages, release of liens, and other similar documents.”
technologies; blockchain;	MLG is younger and also narrower in its goals, launching in 2018 with the expressed mission of "using blockchain and other technologies to provide user-friendly, low-cost land administration systems."
predictions; Mike;	Lee isn’t the only forecaster to get it wrong, many others have fallen short of their predictions, including Mike Novogratz of galaxy digital, who predicted back in November 2017 that BTC would go to $40,000 by the end of 2018 (just a little off by $36k).
events; a ruling;	While technical analysis may be appropriate as a reference for predictions in ceteris paribus conditions, the reality is that in such a novel market it is never easy to predict how much the ecosystem would react to random events such as a ruling by the SEC or the infamous BCH Hash War that was so damaging to users who had their money invested in cryptocurrencies.
services; both business;	The document provides a detailed regulatory basis for offering crypto custody services, including both business management and technology issues, such as transaction handling, incident reporting, keys generation and operating hot and cold storage.
illegal activities; money;	The authority, which recently undertook consultations about the future of cryptocurrencies in Bermuda’s financial sector, is bent to weed out illegal activities such as money laundering.
new major USD-backed stablecoins; USDC;	Earlier in December, Bitfinex and its spin-off Ethfinex added support for four new major USD-backed stablecoins, including USDC, True USD (TUSD), Paxos (PAX) and the Gemini dollar (GUSD).
new major USD-backed stablecoins; True;	Earlier in December, Bitfinex and its spin-off Ethfinex added support for four new major USD-backed stablecoins, including USDC, True USD (TUSD), Paxos (PAX) and the Gemini dollar (GUSD).
all major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This includes all major cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], XRP, Litecoin [LTC], and Tron [TRX].
double digits; the tenth-largest cryptocurrency;	To add on, a majority of the cryptocurrencies are witnessing a rise in double digits, including the tenth-largest cryptocurrency by market cap, Tron [TRX].
taxes; taxes;	The first steps are passing the Audit the Fed bill, allowing people to use alternative currencies, and exempting all transactions in precious metals and cryptocurrencies from capital gains taxes and other taxes.”
Market; SBI;	“At the launch of full-scale services, expecting customer inflow from the SBI Group’s customer base of 23.47 million, particularly, SBI SECURITIES with around 4.26 million accounts, SBI Sumishin Net Bank with about 3.21 million accounts, and SBI Liquidity Market, including SBI FXTRADE, with nearly 1.05 million accounts.”
illicit activities; cases;	These strategies aim at limiting money laundering cases and other illicit activities.
cryptos; XRP;	The announcement came amid fights by leading cryptos especially XRP trying to maintain market relevance.
apps; dedicated wallets;	Also, other apps such as dedicated wallets and an open canvas have been of great importance to boost growth in the user base.
apps; an open canvas;	Also, other apps such as dedicated wallets and an open canvas have been of great importance to boost growth in the user base.
Words; “;	Words such as “bubble”, “burst”, “bear”, “Ponzi scheme”, “rat poison”, and “freshly harvested baby brains” …  These were all thrown around, and most of them stuck; BTC quickly went from hero to zero, losing almost $13,000 in little over a month.
large banks; Santander;	Ripple has been using XRP tokens to incentivize banks to join their network, although the company has been successful in partnering with large banks such as Santander, SBI Holdings, Money Gram, etc, a majority of these partnerships had nothing to do with its xRapid product which uses the XRP Token.
large banks; SBI;	Ripple has been using XRP tokens to incentivize banks to join their network, although the company has been successful in partnering with large banks such as Santander, SBI Holdings, Money Gram, etc, a majority of these partnerships had nothing to do with its xRapid product which uses the XRP Token.
applications; games;	Its several innovations in games and other applications have increased TRX transaction volume significantly this year, increasing adoption for TRX and making the asset more popular.
internal incubators; Consensys;	This will not only impacts the company’s workforce but also its internal incubators such as Consensys Labs.
partnerships; Western;	While XRP has suffered alongside the rest of the crypto market during 2018’s bear cycle, the coin is well positioned to improve in 2019 and beyond as a host of partnerships, including Western Union and Moneygram, look to push the currency into the mainstream.
some virtual currencies; Ethereum;	There are some virtual currencies such as Ethereum (ETH) or ZCash (ZEC) that can be mined using GPU power.
areas; block;	Further advances came in areas such as block propagation, the time transactions take to reach network nodes, which roughly halved through 2018.
aspects; institutional uptake;	Other aspects, including institutional uptake of Bitcoin for trading, also see regular attention, this week from crypto-focused venture capital firm  Dragonfly Capital Partners.
dealings; transactions;	The draft law bans transactions and other dealings in any digital token or coin that can be identified as “Iranian digital currency.” It introduces penalties against U.S. citizens and corporate entities as well as foreign nationals and companies providing financial, material or technological support for the development of the Iranian crypto.
the Iranians; the governments;	The lawmakers also want an assessment of the state and non-state actors that are assisting the Iranians, including the governments of China, Russia, Venezuela, and Turkey.
measures; Swift;	They were followed by a move to isolate Iran from the international banking network Swift and other measures that restricted its access to U.S. currency.
the business; ConsenSys;	“Excited as we are about ConsenSys 2.0, our first step in this direction has been a difficult one: we are streamlining several parts of the business including ConsenSys Solutions, spokes, and hub services, leading to a 13% reduction of mesh members...
the company; ConsenSys;	This news came in the light days after ConsenSys announced a reduction of over 13% of mesh members, adding that they are “streamlining” many departments in the company, including ConsenSys Solutions, Spokes and Hubs services.
public chains; functionality;	“According to the evaluation model, the basic technology [category] mainly examines the technical realization level of public chains, including functionality, performance, security and decentralization.”
public chains; performance;	“According to the evaluation model, the basic technology [category] mainly examines the technical realization level of public chains, including functionality, performance, security and decentralization.”
public chains; security;	“According to the evaluation model, the basic technology [category] mainly examines the technical realization level of public chains, including functionality, performance, security and decentralization.”
public chains; decentralization;	“According to the evaluation model, the basic technology [category] mainly examines the technical realization level of public chains, including functionality, performance, security and decentralization.”
practical applications; node deployment;	“The applicability [category] mainly evaluates the comprehensive level of public chain support for practical applications, including node deployment, wallet application, development support and application implementation.” As for the innovation category, the top five positions are occupied by BTC, EOS, Ethereum, Komodo, and Cardano.
practical applications; wallet;	“The applicability [category] mainly evaluates the comprehensive level of public chain support for practical applications, including node deployment, wallet application, development support and application implementation.” As for the innovation category, the top five positions are occupied by BTC, EOS, Ethereum, Komodo, and Cardano.
resources; precious metals;	Blockchain technology has allowed cryptocurrency’s world of tokenization to be meshed with traditional industries such as real estate or the mining and ownership of precious metals and other resources.
products; micro-payments;	As per sources close to the matter, Facebook will deploy a stablecoin offering on its widely-popular WhatsApp service mobile application that initially began as a messaging platform but has since grown to offer an umbrella of products including micro-payments.
releases; a plan;	However, it is confirmed that Facebook is working on a robust strategy to avoid untoward occurrences once the stablecoin releases, including a plan to develop a custodial fund that holds various currencies and protects the value of the token.
digital assets; bitcoin;	In essence, individuals residing in the UK who are paid in bitcoin and other digital assets by their employers, carry out cryptocurrency mining operations, or receive airdrops for services rendered to blockchain projects, are liable to pay income tax and national insurance contributions.
crypto assets; Cardano;	 Interestingly, Coinbase had hinted in July 2018, that it is “exploring” the addition of several other crypto assets, including Cardano (ADA), Stellar Lumens (XML), Zcash (ZEC), and 0x (ZRX).
major financial platforms; Western;	XRP is cooperating with major financial platforms including Western Union and American Express.
an underlying asset; oil;	For instance, one could trade futures contracts on an underlying asset such as oil or corn or wheat.
an underlying asset; corn;	For instance, one could trade futures contracts on an underlying asset such as oil or corn or wheat.
entire team; vice;	As a local daily reported, Bitmaintech Israel, a development center Bitmain had founded just two years back, fired its entire team, including vice president Gadi Glikberg, citing losses incurred during the latest crypto crash.
overall damages; depreciation;	The extent of their overall damages, including depreciation incurred during a year-long crypto bear market and by the drop in mining equipment sales, could have led Bitmain to go on a firing spree.
possible answers; “ Russia;	One Redditor had asked Bustamante what he thought represents “the biggest threat to America [sic] national security in the coming years?” giving several leading possible answers such as “Russia,” “climate change,” “Iran” or “North Korea?” To which Bustamante replied:
possible answers; ”;	One Redditor had asked Bustamante what he thought represents “the biggest threat to America [sic] national security in the coming years?” giving several leading possible answers such as “Russia,” “climate change,” “Iran” or “North Korea?” To which Bustamante replied:
players; institutional investors;	Arslanian believes that the upcoming year will observe an inflow of institutional investors and other players in the crypto ecosystem.
various requirements; reliable custody;	“Institutional investors who are interested in investing in crypto will have various requirements, including reliable custody and risk management arrangements.
various requirements; risk;	“Institutional investors who are interested in investing in crypto will have various requirements, including reliable custody and risk management arrangements.
a volatile industry; crypto;	Insufficient insurance coverage, particularly in a volatile industry such as crypto, will be a significant impediment to greater ‘institutionalization’ of crypto investments.”
regulators; money;	While cryptocurrencies raise a number of concerns for regulators, including money laundering risks, few have set out clear frameworks for how cryptocurrencies should be traded, and by whom.
exchanges; the New;	Also, the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), operator of 23 exchanges including the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), announced that they plan to launch their Bakkt digital asset platform on Jan. 24, 2019.
players; institutional investors;	Arslanian believes that the upcoming year will observe an inflow of institutional investors and other players in the crypto ecosystem.
various requirements; reliable custody;	“Institutional investors who are interested in investing in crypto will have various requirements, including reliable custody and risk management arrangements.
various requirements; risk;	“Institutional investors who are interested in investing in crypto will have various requirements, including reliable custody and risk management arrangements.
a volatile industry; crypto;	Insufficient insurance coverage, particularly in a volatile industry such as crypto, will be a significant impediment to greater ‘institutionalization’ of crypto investments.”
regulators; money;	While cryptocurrencies raise a number of concerns for regulators, including money laundering risks, few have set out clear frameworks for how cryptocurrencies should be traded, and by whom.
cryptocurrencies; France;	He also believes that other countries, which have not yet formulated comprehensive regulatory guidelines for cryptocurrencies such as France, “will be pushing ahead with some legislation on ICOs.” Arslanian further noted: “in the US, with all the news going on right now, [there are] some bipartisan initiatives [underway] to try to make the US more competitive when it comes to” regulating cryptoassets.
cryptocurrencies; “;	He also believes that other countries, which have not yet formulated comprehensive regulatory guidelines for cryptocurrencies such as France, “will be pushing ahead with some legislation on ICOs.” Arslanian further noted: “in the US, with all the news going on right now, [there are] some bipartisan initiatives [underway] to try to make the US more competitive when it comes to” regulating cryptoassets.
multiple exciting developments; the entry;	In an interview with Bloomberg on December 24, Arslanian said that 2019 would bring multiple exciting developments, including the entry of institutional investors and regulatory clarity.
services; Patreon;	YouTuber ‘Philosophie Workout’ asked Wright that paying for subscription services such as Patreon on a regular basis would be possible or not.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
the community; the miners;	The first is that the community, including the miners, overwhelmingly agrees with the notion of eliminating all existing shielded coins and thus things move on as Bitcoin Private’s team would like: as if it never happened.
issues; vulnerabilities;	There are other virtual currencies that have also been audited in order to find vulnerabilities and other issues.
the bigwigs; Bitcoin;	This included the bigwigs such as Bitcoin [BTC], XRP and Ethereum [ETH].
stable coins; PAX;	It is still unknown which currencies will be traded against XRP; currently, it’s Bitcoin, Ethereum, and BNB, as well as such stable coins as PAX, TUSD, USDC, and USDT.
stable coins; TUSD;	It is still unknown which currencies will be traded against XRP; currently, it’s Bitcoin, Ethereum, and BNB, as well as such stable coins as PAX, TUSD, USDC, and USDT.
stable coins; USDC;	It is still unknown which currencies will be traded against XRP; currently, it’s Bitcoin, Ethereum, and BNB, as well as such stable coins as PAX, TUSD, USDC, and USDT.
risk-off climate; the Fed;	“There are a whole number of factors that have triggered this latest risk-off climate, including the Fed’s very modest deviation from its (rate increase) plan and the government shutdown in the United States,” one economist told Reuters.
cryptos; Litecoin;	Stark losses have hit cryptos such as Litecoin (LTC) — down almost 12 percent at $31.09 — IOTA (MIOTA) — down 14 percent at $0.33 —  and Cardano (ADA), down 16 percent at $0.04.
languages; Java;	Compared to other platforms such as Ethereum, programmers and developers can code with simpler languages such as Java.
the center; the head;	Estimated to be 23, none of the employees at the center including the head, Gadi Glikberg, were spared from the layoffs.
the center; Gadi;	Estimated to be 23, none of the employees at the center including the head, Gadi Glikberg, were spared from the layoffs.
services; hosting;	GMO Internet began providing internet services, including hosting and website creation support, in 1995.
services; website creation;	GMO Internet began providing internet services, including hosting and website creation support, in 1995.
development; many new applications;	Since the upgrade, BCH saw a huge influx of development, including many new applications like Memo.cash, Blockpress, Joystream, Marco Coino, Coinfundr, Akari, Telescope, Simple Ledger Protocol, Wormhole, and more.
API; nodes;	network nodes, wallets, RPC and other API’s, GUI, build system, tests and QA
API; wallets;	network nodes, wallets, RPC and other API’s, GUI, build system, tests and QA
API; RPC;	network nodes, wallets, RPC and other API’s, GUI, build system, tests and QA
protocols; SGX;	into more exotic and next generation protocols such as SGX and NPC.
protocols; NPC;	into more exotic and next generation protocols such as SGX and NPC.
virtual currencies; NEO;	Red4Sec has been also testing other blockchain networks and virtual currencies such as NEO, TenX or nOS, among others.
virtual currencies; TenX;	Red4Sec has been also testing other blockchain networks and virtual currencies such as NEO, TenX or nOS, among others.
security; Red4Sec;	These audits conducted by Red4Sec and other security companies allow the cryptocurrency space to be more prepared for the future.
verticals; Binance;	launch of multiple programs and verticals such as Binance Labs (incubator), Binance Academy (education portal), Binance Research (research reports and platform),Binance Philanthropy (charity), Merger of Trust Wallet,
coins; Network;	Binance will be following Tron [TRX], EOS and other coins that have backed out of the ERC20 Network and other coins like Zilliqa that are hoping to pull out off the network completely by January next year.
the company; Binance;	The review was posted in the form of a letter by CEO Changpeng Zhao where he discusses crypto prices and multiple initiatives from the company, including Binance Academy and Binance Research.
organizations; Nations;	Binance also launched Binance Charity, the exchange’s philanthropy program, which has collaborated with the United Nations and other organizations to utilize blockchain for good.
infrastructure; security;	Binance also made significant upgrades to their exchange infrastructure, including security upgrades, customer service improvements and back-end improvements.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	My message to Gab and anyone else running afoul of pedantic, small-minded censors: get serious about promoting the use of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
top-earning users; author;	Many of Patreon’s top-earning users, including author and neuroscientist Sam Harris, are leaving the platform in protest.
top-earning users; neuroscientist Sam;	Many of Patreon’s top-earning users, including author and neuroscientist Sam Harris, are leaving the platform in protest.
people; authors;	"I've been working on a system to allow authors and other people who engage publicly on intellectual issues to interact more effectively with their readers and viewers and listeners.
topics; psychology;	Peterson, the author of the best-seller 12 Rules For Life and who regularly undertakes worldwide tours giving presentations on psychology, existentialism, and other topics, is currently setting up an alternative crowdfunding website to compete with market leader Patreon.
topics; existentialism;	Peterson, the author of the best-seller 12 Rules For Life and who regularly undertakes worldwide tours giving presentations on psychology, existentialism, and other topics, is currently setting up an alternative crowdfunding website to compete with market leader Patreon.
people; authors;	I’ve been working on a system for months to allow authors and other people who engage publicly on intellectual issues to interact more effectively with their readers, viewers, and listeners.
options; Circle-owned Poloniex;	Similar features are available in a few other cryptocurrency exchanges that offer margin trading options, including Circle-owned Poloniex and Bitfinex.
options; Bitfinex;	Similar features are available in a few other cryptocurrency exchanges that offer margin trading options, including Circle-owned Poloniex and Bitfinex.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Much like the situation in Venezuela, many Turks invested in Bitcoin and other cryptos to protect their savings.
crypto assets; Bitcoin;	ICOs have been largely responsible for this year’s Ethereum performance and the fact that it has been outperformed by a number of other crypto assets including Bitcoin, XRP and TRON which have recovered faster.
crypto assets; XRP;	ICOs have been largely responsible for this year’s Ethereum performance and the fact that it has been outperformed by a number of other crypto assets including Bitcoin, XRP and TRON which have recovered faster.
crypto assets; TRON;	ICOs have been largely responsible for this year’s Ethereum performance and the fact that it has been outperformed by a number of other crypto assets including Bitcoin, XRP and TRON which have recovered faster.
projects; technology;	Vitalik Buterin, the creator of Ethereum (ETH), is not known for pulling punches when discussing technology and other projects within the crypto industry.
exchanges; Coinbase;	Bitcoin SV has also had a tough go in terms of adoption, as multiple major crypto exchanges, including Coinbase and Gemini, have yet to list it months after being formed.
exchanges; Gemini;	Bitcoin SV has also had a tough go in terms of adoption, as multiple major crypto exchanges, including Coinbase and Gemini, have yet to list it months after being formed.
supporters; maximalists;	Vitalik claimed that similar criticisms could be formulating about BTC maximalists and other supporters, pointing out how overly optimistic and utopian they can also be.
cuts; a 15-man layoff;	Although it seems nearly every crypto startup has announced cuts, including a 15-man layoff at the $8 billion powerhouse that is Coinbase, some fear that this is only the beginning.
Japanese “ megabanks; bank;	This project started by Mizuho bank included other regional banks, Japan post bank, and other Japanese “megabanks”.
tradable assets; real estate;	The coming year will see more growth and stability especially with security tokens that add a level of financial security since they are backed by tradable assets such as real estate.
Million; losses;	The company lost $740 Million including losses on inventory and bitcoin cash!
stockpile; lots;	Kyle Samani, the co-founder of crypto fundMulticoin Capital, has made a guess that such a situation may soon lead to Bitmain liquidating its crypto stockpile, including lots of Litecoin (LTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) tokens.
risks; money;	The licensing of the wallet through the GFSC means that the wallet will feature systems in place to detect, prevent and disclose financial crime risks including money laundering.
technology; cryptoassets;	eToroX, a subsidiary of eToro, mentioned that the move will benefit the company and all users making use of the wallet - “We believe that a strong system of regulations will support the mass adoption of blockchain technology, including cryptoassets.
UFC; Jon;	The event will likely get millions of views as it is featuring some of the famous athletes in UFC such as Jon Jones, Alexander Gustafsson, Amanda Nunes, and Cris “Cyborg” Justino among others.
devices; IP;	“We would not usually think of using routers or IoT devices such as IP cameras or video recorders as cryptominers because their CPUs are not as powerful as those in desktop and laptop computers.
transactions; cash;	The bank writes in the application that, among other things, blockchain technology may be used by automated teller machines to accelerate transaction speeds or facilitate other types of transactions in addition to ATM transactions such as cash withdrawals and deposits or gift registry transactions.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
locations; the financial heaven;	Some locations are more than crypto-friendly, such as Malta for instance, which is already seen as the financial heaven, and other locations have been a bit more reserved in their approach towards the emerging industry.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	CryptoGlobe reports that a local news outlet called New Indian Express revealed that the Indian government set up an interdisciplinary committee which is currently analyzing the regulation and legalization of Bitcoin and other cryptos.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The Indian cryptocurrency scene is murky as crypto entities are facing a banking ban and the government has explicitly asked investors to stay away from Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
personal information; private passwords;	Moreover, the claimant alleged that cybercriminals might have obtained his private passwords and other personal information during a hack that occurred in October 2017.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Having said that, Pompliano is still a die-hard believer of the prospect of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for the long run.
traditional stocks; P500;	Speaking about the fall of S&P500 and other traditional stocks and Bitcoin, Pomp said that Bitcoin is not related to any of these.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Furthermore, Pomp said that if the people who have invested in Bitcoin are smart, they would have invested about 1% of their portfolio in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	FANG stocks (the “four high-performing technology stocks” including “Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google”) would also be invested in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, Pompliano said “that’s what it feels like to me.” In response to a question about the future performance of BTC, the former product manager at Facebook thinks “we’ve got lower to go.”
value; Nasdaq-based technology;	As traditional equities have plummeted in value, especially Nasdaq-based technology stocks, interestingly, so has the Bitcoin (BTC) market.
altcoins; TRX;	While Litecoin, XRP, and BCH are down between 2.1% and 3.3%, other altcoins including TRX, ZEC, and BSV are down by less than 1%.
altcoins; ZEC;	While Litecoin, XRP, and BCH are down between 2.1% and 3.3%, other altcoins including TRX, ZEC, and BSV are down by less than 1%.
areas; risks;	The requirements cover areas such as risks relating to thefts of customers’ cryptocurrencies when hacking incidents occur, price fluctuations and speculation.
types; margin;	The lack of internal control systems amid rapid business expansion of service providers was discussed, along with measures for crypto transaction types such as margin trading that are not covered by existing regulations.
“; the prohibition;	The same code of conduct “such as the prohibition of unrequested solicitation” will also apply.
channels; Discord;	This was made possible through the platform’s promotion on several social media channels including Discord and Telegram where investors all over the world were solicited.
channels; Telegram;	This was made possible through the platform’s promotion on several social media channels including Discord and Telegram where investors all over the world were solicited.
government; Miller;	In recent times, rogue actors have taken advantage of the unregulated nature of the cryptospace to defraud unsuspecting investors, however, firms like Silver Miller and other government agencies working round the clock to curb the activities of these crypto thieves.
projects; Tezos;	At current, Silver Miller reportedly has pending legal actions against several Initial Coin Offering (ICO) projects including Tezos and Monkey Capital.
projects; Monkey;	At current, Silver Miller reportedly has pending legal actions against several Initial Coin Offering (ICO) projects including Tezos and Monkey Capital.
projects; Steem;	Cryptocurrency projects such as Steem and ETCDev have already laid off 70% of their workforce or have completely cut the entire operation.
projects; ETCDev;	Cryptocurrency projects such as Steem and ETCDev have already laid off 70% of their workforce or have completely cut the entire operation.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Their chips are designed to allow users to mine Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with the best available hardware.
services; NBK;	According to a report by media outlet Alqabas, the launch is part of NBK’s digital transformation strategy which includes several other mobile, digital and biometric tools and services, including NBK Tap & Pay, QNB QuickPay and SelfiPay NBK.
banks; Jordan;	 Conditions to transferring money to NBK Jordan and other banks states that there will be instant credit when funds are transferred to NBK Jordan accounts.
services; App;	“Focused on digital transformation, NBK has previously launched successful and innovative products that serve different segments, including the NBK Tap & Pay, QuickPay, NBK SelfiePay, cardless cash withdrawal, Biometric Cards, in addition to the continuous enhancements to the NBK Mobile Banking App and other services that make our customer’s banking experience an enjoyable one.
financial institutions; banks;	As explained in an official blog post by NBK, RippleNet (a decentralized network of banks and other financial institutions using Ripple Labs’ suite of financial products) will be used to provide “a frictionless remittance experience” for the bank’s customers and “fast cross-border money transfer solutions.”
agencies; Moody;	NBK also has the “highest credit ratings” among local banks and it has received the rating from the world’s leading agencies including Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch.
digital transformation; NBK;	He also outlined other products launched by NBK as part of its focus on digital transformation, including NBK "SelfiePay," cardless cash withdrawal, and biometric bank cards.
technologies; xCurrent;	It combines Ripple's propriety blockchain technologies, including xCurrent and xRapid, which no longer appear to have their own clear branding.
technologies; xRapid;	It combines Ripple's propriety blockchain technologies, including xCurrent and xRapid, which no longer appear to have their own clear branding.
services; App;	Focused on digital transformation, NBK has previously launched successful and innovative products that serve different segments, including the NBK Tap & Pay, QuickPay, NBK SelfiePay, cardless cash withdrawal, Biometric Cards, in addition to the continuous enhancements to the NBK Mobile Banking App and other services that make our customer’s banking experience an enjoyable one.
products; QuickPay;	He went on explaining that the Kuwaiti financial institution introduced other products such as QuickPay, NBK Tap & Pay, biometric cards, and many others.
products; NBK;	He went on explaining that the Kuwaiti financial institution introduced other products such as QuickPay, NBK Tap & Pay, biometric cards, and many others.
enforcement actions; fines;	For the SEC, other recent measures including hitting celebrities who promoted ICO scams with fines and other enforcement actions.
terms; “ nothing;	White papers of more than 2,000 of the 3,291 projects contained sentences with luring terms such as “nothing to lose, guaranteed profit, return on investment, highest return, high return, funds profit, no risk and little risk.”
services; Telegram;	In August, the WSJ claimed in a study that cryptocurrency price manipulation was largely conducted by organized “trading groups” using services such as Telegram.
whitepapers; duplicate;	The Wall Street Journal (WSJ), an international daily newspaper on December 26 2018, released a report which shows that out of 3,291 initial coin offerings (ICOs), 513 of them are very risky or outright scam projects, as a  number of red flags were seen in their whitepapers, including duplicate content, non-existent team members, unattainable objectives, or inaccessible web pages.
each ICO; the level;	WSJ says several criteria were used to judge each ICO, including the level of risk involved, duplication of words and phrases, inability to access their web pages, and the fake team members on its board.
crypto-based startups; Binance;	While some highly reputed crypto-based startups such as Binance and a host of others have proved to the world that ICOs are a viable fundraising method, but bad actors in the cryptospace conduct token fundraisers with nefarious objectives have succeeded in shattering the image of ICOs, prompting many firms to start considering security token offerings (STO) instead.
crypto-based startups; a host;	While some highly reputed crypto-based startups such as Binance and a host of others have proved to the world that ICOs are a viable fundraising method, but bad actors in the cryptospace conduct token fundraisers with nefarious objectives have succeeded in shattering the image of ICOs, prompting many firms to start considering security token offerings (STO) instead.
things; the Bitcoin;	Bitcoin cash proponent, Roger Ver spoke about a plethora of things including the Bitcoin Cash fork and clarified things revolving him, in an interview by Naomi Brockwell.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This news comes as the value of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are down more than 70% from their all-time highs, putting a lot of pressure on the profitability of crypto mining.
offices; toy shops;	The Taiwanese resident had reportedly mined cryptocurrencies from at least 17 different business offices including toy shops and internet cafes.
offices; internet;	The Taiwanese resident had reportedly mined cryptocurrencies from at least 17 different business offices including toy shops and internet cafes.
major coins; bitcoin;	Electrum is one of the most popular cryptocurrency wallets with support for major coins such as bitcoin core, bitcoin cash, litecoin, and others.
options; arbitrage;	That provides traders with a number of options such as arbitrage, speculation, and hedging.
options; speculation;	That provides traders with a number of options such as arbitrage, speculation, and hedging.
websites; merchants;	This is the first time Electrum, a free software used by many cryptocurrency websites, including merchants and exchanges, was hacked.
websites; exchanges;	This is the first time Electrum, a free software used by many cryptocurrency websites, including merchants and exchanges, was hacked.
stalwart investors; Yale;	As reported, the crypto space continues to undergo far-ranging transformation; major developments on the horizon include the launch of the Bakkt Bitcoin futures exchange from Intercontinental Exchange, the launch of investment giant Fidelity’s digital assets business, and the continued influx of stalwart investors such as Yale, Harvard and Stanford Universities.
stalwart investors; Harvard;	As reported, the crypto space continues to undergo far-ranging transformation; major developments on the horizon include the launch of the Bakkt Bitcoin futures exchange from Intercontinental Exchange, the launch of investment giant Fidelity’s digital assets business, and the continued influx of stalwart investors such as Yale, Harvard and Stanford Universities.
stalwart investors; Stanford;	As reported, the crypto space continues to undergo far-ranging transformation; major developments on the horizon include the launch of the Bakkt Bitcoin futures exchange from Intercontinental Exchange, the launch of investment giant Fidelity’s digital assets business, and the continued influx of stalwart investors such as Yale, Harvard and Stanford Universities.
traditional assets; Gold;	A recent report in the Wall Street Journal details how Bitcoin is becoming an increasingly mainstream asset and is starting to develop strong correlations with traditional assets, including Gold.
precious metals; Gold;	Historically, Gold and other precious metals have been the most popular safe haven investments, used by investors and institutions alike to hedge their positions within the equities markets.
stock; Bakkt;	It seems as if the ground is all set for the irruption of Intercontinental Exchange’s Bakkt and other stock market operator’s similar products, plus also the launch of Fidelity in the short term.
devices; mobile;	It has been built for adoption by mainstream users, with real-time data to enable faster block times for Ethereum and optimized experience across devices, including mobile.
sidechain; smart contracts;	As Cirrus is the first launched sidechain including smart contracts, the federated members of the Cirrus sidechain are comprised of nodes that are owned and maintained by Stratis.
sidechain; the federated members;	As Cirrus is the first launched sidechain including smart contracts, the federated members of the Cirrus sidechain are comprised of nodes that are owned and maintained by Stratis.
exchanges; eToro;	Going on to explain why the trading platform will not be listing bitcoin SV, the blog post noted that after the hard fork, bitcoin cash ABC “remained the dominant chain.” This is why the ABC chain is now referred to as bitcoin cash (BCH) by eToro and other exchanges.
platforms; eToro;	At present, BCH is supported by most major trading platforms including eToro.
others; Coinbase;	While some exchanges like Binance and Bittrex are currently supporting Bitcoin SV, others including Coinbase and Gemini are still holding out.
others; Gemini;	While some exchanges like Binance and Bittrex are currently supporting Bitcoin SV, others including Coinbase and Gemini are still holding out.
fintech-related fields; cryptocurrencies;	In July, the agency underwent a major overhaul in order to better deal with fintech-related fields, including cryptocurrencies.
cryptoassets; bitcoin;	Despite the current market conditions, this report shows that a vast array of firms still have interests in bitcoin and other cryptoassets.
the region; the Coincheck;	While Japan is one of the nations occupying the frontline in the cryptocurrency ecosystem, the country has, however, increased its regulatory oversight following a series of heists on cryptocurrency exchanges operating in the region, including the Coincheck cryptocurrency exchange hack that saw half a billion dollar worth of NEM vanish from the platform.
forked assets; Bitcoin;	According to the plaintiff, Kleiman’s estate is entitled to a minimum of 300,000 bitcoins plus forked assets such as Bitcoin Gold and Bitcoin Cash.
various objections; “ lack;	In a bid to have the lawsuit dismissed Wright had raised various objections including “lack of standing, the failure to bring this action as a derivative suit, res judicata (claim preclusion due to the fact that a matter has already been judged), forum non conveniens (a legal doctrine allowing certain courts to dismiss a case in order for another more appropriate court to hear it), the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations, international abstention, lack of personal jurisdiction and the failure to state legally sufficient claims.”
assets; Bitcoin;	Kleiman’s estate is entitles to at least 300,000 bitcoins and forked assets such as Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Gold.
stakeholders; employees;	They also believe that Visa is a suitable and appropriate partner for their employees, partners, custom, rs and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; partners;	They also believe that Visa is a suitable and appropriate partner for their employees, partners, custom, rs and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; custom;	They also believe that Visa is a suitable and appropriate partner for their employees, partners, custom, rs and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; rs;	They also believe that Visa is a suitable and appropriate partner for their employees, partners, custom, rs and other stakeholders.
the globe; Japan;	The British firm has top banks as partners across the globe, including Japan Post Bank and the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
—; banking;	The system reportedly tokenizes sensitive business data — such as banking details and account numbers — granting them a unique cryptographic identifier that will be used for transactions on the platform.
various stringent limitations; budget;	This development aimed at eliminating various stringent limitations including budget, technology and compliance-related issues.
various stringent limitations; technology;	This development aimed at eliminating various stringent limitations including budget, technology and compliance-related issues.
various stringent limitations; compliance-related issues;	This development aimed at eliminating various stringent limitations including budget, technology and compliance-related issues.
top altcoins; Ethereum;	Most top altcoins, including Ethereum’s ether, XRP, and TRX, dropped over 5% in said period, while litecoin and monero actually rose less than 0.5%.
non-fiat currency; Bitcoin;	Scott Galit, CEO of New York-headquartered payments processing firm Payoneer, says a single global, non-fiat currency such as Bitcoin (BTC) is unrealistic.
volatile currency; Bitcoin;	In regard to the former, he argued that governments’ reliance on taxation for their revenue means that they will resist allowing residents to meet their tax obligations in a highly volatile currency such as Bitcoin.
US; the SEC;	While the SEC and other US regulators could not recover a substantial amount of lost funds, state regulators have brought in over 70 cryptocurrency-enforcement actions this year and have dramatic increases the number of lawsuits against cryptocurrency fraud schemes.
unrealistic incentives; massive returns;	Also, schemes that promise massive returns and other unrealistic incentives are most likely scams.
channels; Telegram;	These groups use social media channels such as Telegram, Discord, Slack, etc.
channels; Discord;	These groups use social media channels such as Telegram, Discord, Slack, etc.
channels; Slack;	These groups use social media channels such as Telegram, Discord, Slack, etc.
channels; etc;	These groups use social media channels such as Telegram, Discord, Slack, etc.
regulators; the SEC;	Do you think the SEC and other regulators will soon develop frameworks to help prevent crypto fraud?
virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	During 2018, Bitcoin and other virtual currencies have been in a very hard bear trend.
unique applications; games;	Our liquidity protocol serves a very wide range of platforms and applications, from wallets, financials DApps, to games and other unique applications.
technologies; artificial intelligence;	Emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and blockchain are destined to radically change our lives, the society in which we live and the economic and productive fabric of the country.
technologies; blockchain;	Emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and blockchain are destined to radically change our lives, the society in which we live and the economic and productive fabric of the country.
device; top brands;	This year at 35C3, attendees saw an hour-long demonstration from a team called Wallet Fail, a group that believes it can break into any cryptocurrency hardware device including top brands like Trezor and Ledger.
types; assaults;	Other attacks seemingly showed severe weaknesses within the supply chain, evil maid attacks, side channel assaults, and other types of social engineering techniques.
wallets; the Ledger;	In a presentation given on Thursday, December 27, at the 35th Chaos Communication Congress in Leipzig, Germany, security researchers Thomas Roth, Dmitry Nedospasov, and Josh Datko demonstrated what they describe as "systemic and recurring" security vulnerabilities in common hardware wallets, including the Ledger Nano S, Ledger Blue, and Trezor One.
companies; Nvidia;	While a number of chip stocks have performed poorly of late – with the PHLX Semiconductor Sector Index, comprised of 30 companies including Nvidia, dropping 19 percent, and Advanced Micro Devices stock losing 45 percent – many have cited declining demand for mining hardware as a catalyst for Nvidia’s notably poor performance.
Twitter; shares;	The article by Time went Viral on r/Bitcoin, getting 780+ upvotes within 5 hours and the article got 1,000+ shares on Twitter including shares from Adam Back, the CEO of Blockstream.
countries; Venezuela;	Great explanation of permissionless bearer cash, as the killer app for Bitcoin in Venezuela and other countries, as well as generally preserving access to cash globally, where some governments push for cashless and negative interest rate policies https://t.co/xt2lA5cs5R
investors; ETFs;	Much of the coverage in the planet’s largest news resources would centre on products aimed at investors such as ETFs, trading desks, and futures markets, as well as the evolving regulatory environment surrounding the entire cryptocurrency space.
investors; trading;	Much of the coverage in the planet’s largest news resources would centre on products aimed at investors such as ETFs, trading desks, and futures markets, as well as the evolving regulatory environment surrounding the entire cryptocurrency space.
places; Venezuela;	Underneath all of the number crunching and the debates about Bitcoin’s transaction speed and ability to process pizza sales, people in places such as Venezuela and Zimbabwe are redefining what money can do when it is completely decentralized.
places; Zimbabwe;	Underneath all of the number crunching and the debates about Bitcoin’s transaction speed and ability to process pizza sales, people in places such as Venezuela and Zimbabwe are redefining what money can do when it is completely decentralized.
vendors; Ledger;	At the 35C3, a four-day annual hackers' conference (held 27–30 December 2018 in Leipzig, Germany) organized by the Chaos Computer Club (CCC), a team of security researchers—Dmitry Nedospasov, Thomas Roth, and Josh Datko—gave a presentation titled "Wallet.Fail: Hacking the Most Popular Cryptocurrency Hardware Wallets" that looked at "architectural, physical, hardware, software and firmware vulnerabilities" they had found while trying to hack devices from popular cryptocurrency hardware wallet vendors such as Ledger and SatoshiLabs (the maker of the Trezor wallet).
vendors; SatoshiLabs;	At the 35C3, a four-day annual hackers' conference (held 27–30 December 2018 in Leipzig, Germany) organized by the Chaos Computer Club (CCC), a team of security researchers—Dmitry Nedospasov, Thomas Roth, and Josh Datko—gave a presentation titled "Wallet.Fail: Hacking the Most Popular Cryptocurrency Hardware Wallets" that looked at "architectural, physical, hardware, software and firmware vulnerabilities" they had found while trying to hack devices from popular cryptocurrency hardware wallet vendors such as Ledger and SatoshiLabs (the maker of the Trezor wallet).
unique content; Cuties;	The game revealed that the Tron version of the game would have unique content including Cuties, locations, and items as well.
unique content; locations;	The game revealed that the Tron version of the game would have unique content including Cuties, locations, and items as well.
figures; Charlie;	The HTC Exodus smartphone, meanwhile, backed by cryptocurrency figures such as Charlie Lee, was meant to ship this month, but has yet to deliver.
developments; “ Computer;	In the “Classes and terms” section of the application, Samsung cites such developments as “Computer software for use as a cryptocurrency wallet; Computer software for cryptocurrency transfer and payment using blockchain technology; Computer application software for smartphones, namely, software to allow users to transfer cryptocurrency based on blockchain technology and pay via 3rd party’s application software.”
multiple blockchains; Bitcoin;	Earlier in December, Cointelegraph reported that major smartphone manufacturer HTC integrated decentralized browser Brave on the HTC Exodus 1 phone, “the first native blockchain phone” with support for multiple blockchains, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH) networks.
devs; Vitalik;	Scalability is one of the main issues he sees affecting Ethereum, and he believes that most of the solutions proposed by Vitalik and other devs so far are not fit for purpose.
states; Jersey;	According to CNBC, the third-largest US bank Wells Fargo will have to pay $575 million in a settlement with the attorneys general from New Jersey and other states that were investigating the bank for opening fake accounts without the knowledge of customers, and for systematically scamming its own customers for 15 years.
the top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trading fanatics who enjoy shorting the top cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, will be thrilled to know that they can now short Bitcoin Cash and Ripple using margin trading on Kraken exchange
the top cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Trading fanatics who enjoy shorting the top cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, will be thrilled to know that they can now short Bitcoin Cash and Ripple using margin trading on Kraken exchange
pairs; BTC;	Customers will be able to leverage up to 3x using BCH and 5x using XRP with several trading pairs including BTC, USD, and EUR.
pairs; USD;	Customers will be able to leverage up to 3x using BCH and 5x using XRP with several trading pairs including BTC, USD, and EUR.
giants; BitFinex;	Kraken continue to add new assets to their margin trading platform, which is looking to rival other margin trading giants such as BitFinex and Bitmex.
giants; Bitmex;	Kraken continue to add new assets to their margin trading platform, which is looking to rival other margin trading giants such as BitFinex and Bitmex.
platforms; exchanges;	These news come amid a trend where exchanges and other platforms are adding XRP support.
several factors; the fact;	“This is a risk management decision based on several factors including the fact that funds sent by wire are more secure and have a higher level of customer due diligence”
Kraken; Bitcoin;	 According to the announcement, XRP and BCH will join the 6 other assets that are currently available for margin trading on Kraken, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ethereum Classic (ETC), Augur (REP), Monero (XMR), and Tether (USDT).
ICOs; foreign platforms;	Things didn’t stop here, as the Chinese government also blocked all websites related to crypto trading and ICOs, including foreign platforms.
benefits; security;	Once launched, Huobi Chain will offer users a variety of benefits, including security, transparency, fast, scalability, and smart contract capability.”
benefits; transparency;	Once launched, Huobi Chain will offer users a variety of benefits, including security, transparency, fast, scalability, and smart contract capability.”
cryptocurrencies; EOS;	"Huobi DM can be a powerful tool in managing risk in EOS and other cryptocurrencies.
several large VC firms; Andreessen;	By the end of 2017, there were well over $2 billion invested in the cryptoasset industry by several large VC firms including Andreessen Horowitz’s giant $300 million a16z crypto fund and TechCrunch founder Michael Arrington’s $100 million crypto hedge fund.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have always courted money influx from institutions.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Any way you slice it, many users of Bitcoin and other digital assets find them attractive for just this reason: They offer freedom from being shutdown or silenced.
organizations; far-right activist;	This is script has been played out multiple times in 2018, but the subjects of PayPal’s bans have always been controversial figures and organizations, including far-right activist “Tommy Robinson” and Twitter-alternative, Gab.
traditional payment; PayPal;	As CryptoGlobe reported recently, the “free speech social network” Gab started accepting cryptocurrency payments after it was denied service from PayPal and other traditional payment processors.
these ideas; Canada;	'Various central banks around the world are already seriously considering these ideas, including Canada, China, Sweden, and Uruguay.
these ideas; China;	'Various central banks around the world are already seriously considering these ideas, including Canada, China, Sweden, and Uruguay.
these ideas; Sweden;	'Various central banks around the world are already seriously considering these ideas, including Canada, China, Sweden, and Uruguay.
projects; an educational program;	The Singapore-based company also revealed it’s planning to participate in a number of projects including an educational program focused on crypto and blockchain technologies, a startup incubator, and mining hotels.
the digital economy; the crypto;	Two months ago, a leading Russian industry organization announced the establishment of an arbitration body to look into disputes between participants in the digital economy, including the crypto sector.
red flags; Lies;	Also read: Lies, plagiarism and other red flags found in over 15% of ICO whitepapers
red flags; plagiarism;	Also read: Lies, plagiarism and other red flags found in over 15% of ICO whitepapers
issues; frequent promises;	Just last week, Wall Street Journal reported that 15% of ICO whitepapers where plagiarised or featured red flags citing issues such as frequent promises of "high returns" in the text body.
user protection; damage;	While each bill contains unique proposals for crypto regulation, all of them include clauses for user protection such as damage compensation, prohibition of money laundering and market manipulation, use of nonpublic information, and disclosure requirements.
crypto-related entities; “ virtual currency;	This bill defines and proposes obligations for crypto-related entities including “virtual currency trading business, virtual currency account management business, and virtual currency assistance business,” according to the Korean government’s website.
crypto; Ver;	And in his letter, he asked Ver and other crypto gurus to support hem.
influential crypto; Ver;	That’s why he tries to encourage Ver and other influential crypto experts to create videos aimed at convincing the U.S. President Donald Trump to grant his pardon to the founder of Silk Road.
providers; exchanges;	The FCA’s Christopher Woolard warned in November that 'consumers may buy unsuitable products, face large losses, be exposed to fraud, struggle to access services or be exposed to the failings of providers such as exchanges.'
Several companies; Bakkt;	Several companies including Bakkt are actively working on various solutions to address the lack of merchant adoption of digital assets with partners in the likes of Starbucks and Microsoft.
cryptos; electronic trading;	Just like the bonds and commodities have evolved into electronic trading, bitcoin and other cryptos will eventually be acknowledged and accepted as legal and regulated investment assets.
cryptos; bitcoin;	Just like the bonds and commodities have evolved into electronic trading, bitcoin and other cryptos will eventually be acknowledged and accepted as legal and regulated investment assets.
crypto-oriented investing; ICE;	The partners and investors reportedly include major names in both traditional finance and crypto-oriented investing, including ICE, Boston Consulting Group, Galaxy Digital, Goldfinch Partners, Alan Howard, Horizons Ventures, Microsoft’s venture capital arm and Pantera Capital.
crypto-oriented investing; Boston;	The partners and investors reportedly include major names in both traditional finance and crypto-oriented investing, including ICE, Boston Consulting Group, Galaxy Digital, Goldfinch Partners, Alan Howard, Horizons Ventures, Microsoft’s venture capital arm and Pantera Capital.
new infrastructure; the industry;	In particular, she said that She and COO Adam white were "focused on opportunities to provide new infrastructure, including the industry’s first institutional grade regulated exchange, clearing and warehousing services for physical delivery and storage."
the investors; some big names;	The CEO notes the investors including some big names, namely:
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
new infrastructure; the industry;	We are focused on opportunities to provide new infrastructure, including the industry’s first institutional grade regulated exchange, clearing and warehousing services for physical delivery and storage.
new infrastructure; the industry;	We’ll share details as the New Year unfolds, but as our COO Adam White and I work through Bakkt’s 2019 objectives, we are focused on opportunities to provide new infrastructure, including the industry’s first institutional grade regulated exchange, clearing and warehousing services for physical delivery and storage.”
new infrastructure; the industry;	“We are focused on opportunities to provide new infrastructure, including the industry’s first institutional grade regulated exchange, clearing and warehousing services for physical delivery and storage.”
new infrastructure; the industry;	“We are focused on opportunities to provide new infrastructure, including the industry’s first institutional grade regulated exchange, clearing and warehousing services for physical delivery and storage.”
—; Stellar;	For McCaleb, however, no single cryptocurrency network or associated token forms an all-encompassing solution — including Stellar and its in-house coin, Lumens (XLM).
several others; an advanced user;	The announcement was accompanied by several others, including an advanced user mode and general improvements to the Cardano reference wallet.
names; crypto advocate;	In a series of tweets, Mayer joined names such as crypto advocate John McAfee in voicing concern and even suspicion about HitBTC after users reported being unable to withdraw their funds.
third party; exchanges;	This January 3rd is the beginning of a new tradition that has been planned to force exchanges and other third party services to prove they actually have the reserves of cryptocurrencies they claim to own.
crypto assets; BTC;	And, with the introduction of trading pairs, tokens could enter the broader ecosystem and would allow consumers, whether young or otherwise, to purchase BTC and other crypto assets for alternative use cases.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Retail Row supports crypto payments service GloBee, which allows retailers to accept cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Litecoin (LTC) and Ripple (XRP), while XMR is the only digital currency supported by the store.
conventional methods; credit;	Customers can also make payments with a range of conventional methods including credit cards and PayPal.
conventional methods; credit;	Moreover, customers can also make payments with a range of conventional methods including credit cards and PayPal.
crypto assets; BTC;	And, with the introduction of trading pairs, tokens could enter the broader ecosystem, allowing consumers, whether young or otherwise, to purchase BTC and other crypto assets for alternative use cases.
various major cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Cryptocurrency payments are processed by a service called GloBee, which lets retailers accept various major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, litecoin, XRP, Ethereum, Dogecoin, and XMR.
various major cryptocurrencies; litecoin;	Cryptocurrency payments are processed by a service called GloBee, which lets retailers accept various major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, litecoin, XRP, Ethereum, Dogecoin, and XMR.
various major cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Cryptocurrency payments are processed by a service called GloBee, which lets retailers accept various major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, litecoin, XRP, Ethereum, Dogecoin, and XMR.
various major cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Cryptocurrency payments are processed by a service called GloBee, which lets retailers accept various major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, litecoin, XRP, Ethereum, Dogecoin, and XMR.
various major cryptocurrencies; Dogecoin;	Cryptocurrency payments are processed by a service called GloBee, which lets retailers accept various major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, litecoin, XRP, Ethereum, Dogecoin, and XMR.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It empowers merchants to accept cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], and Monero [XMR] without any risk associated with it.
top cryptocurrencies; XRP;	The platform also supports other top cryptocurrencies such as XRP, Dogecoin, and Litecoin [LTC].
top cryptocurrencies; Dogecoin;	The platform also supports other top cryptocurrencies such as XRP, Dogecoin, and Litecoin [LTC].
coins; Monero;	For example, the Japanese crypto exchange Coincheck delisted three privacy coins, including Monero, on June 18.
anonymity-enhancing cryptocurrencies; Monero;	Moreover, the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has indicated an interest in tracking anonymity-enhancing cryptocurrencies such as Monero.
digital coins; bitcoin;	According to Retail Row’s website, Monero payments will be processed by GloBee, a cryptocurrency processing service which lets retailers accept digital coins such as bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, dogecoin, XRP, and XMR.
digital coins; litecoin;	According to Retail Row’s website, Monero payments will be processed by GloBee, a cryptocurrency processing service which lets retailers accept digital coins such as bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, dogecoin, XRP, and XMR.
digital coins; ethereum;	According to Retail Row’s website, Monero payments will be processed by GloBee, a cryptocurrency processing service which lets retailers accept digital coins such as bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, dogecoin, XRP, and XMR.
digital coins; dogecoin;	According to Retail Row’s website, Monero payments will be processed by GloBee, a cryptocurrency processing service which lets retailers accept digital coins such as bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, dogecoin, XRP, and XMR.
digital coins; XRP;	According to Retail Row’s website, Monero payments will be processed by GloBee, a cryptocurrency processing service which lets retailers accept digital coins such as bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, dogecoin, XRP, and XMR.
items; shirts;	Fortnite, a battle-royale style shooting game made by Epic Games, and with a player base of approximately 200 million players, will let users purchase such items as shirts and other clothing in their online store.
traditional methods; Visa;	Customers can still purchase goods using traditional methods such as Visa, Mastercard and PayPal.
traditional methods; Mastercard;	Customers can still purchase goods using traditional methods such as Visa, Mastercard and PayPal.
traditional methods; PayPal;	Customers can still purchase goods using traditional methods such as Visa, Mastercard and PayPal.
cryptocurrencies; ];	The U.S Securities and Exchange Commission [SEC] has been in the center point ever since Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies hit their all-time high.
everyone; the giants;	2018 appears to have been a tough year for everyone, including the giants of the space.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	DMM.com, which has over 27 million clients for its e-commerce business, first announced its entry into the crypto mining business in September 2017, with a focus on mining major cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC).
stalwarts; Bitmain;	Meanwhile, reports of mass selloffs of mining hardware in China surfaced in November, and mining industry stalwarts such as Bitmain are reportedly set to lay off staff due to the price rout of the crypto markets last year.
process; the sale;	The withdrawal process such as the sale of the machines will go over to the first half of 2019.
top cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Its operations focused on mining top cryptocurrencies, including BTC, LTC and ETH.
top cryptocurrencies; LTC;	Its operations focused on mining top cryptocurrencies, including BTC, LTC and ETH.
top cryptocurrencies; ETH;	Its operations focused on mining top cryptocurrencies, including BTC, LTC and ETH.
process; the sale;	The report added that the withdrawal process, including the sale of its mining machines, could continue until the first half of 2019.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	It then began mining cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum and, litecoin, in February 2018 in Kanazawa, the capital city of the Ishikawa Prefecture, the report said.
cryptocurrencies; ethereum;	It then began mining cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ethereum and, litecoin, in February 2018 in Kanazawa, the capital city of the Ishikawa Prefecture, the report said.
the major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The company was going to mine the major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC).
criteria; community;	The Weiss Rating agency provides authenticated ratings on the blockchain projects in which they believe to be the strongest based upon a plethora of criteria including community size, development team and the strength of their GitHub commits.
operations; casper;	Ethereum developer Raul Jordan (Prylabs) has updated the community about successful Ethereum 2.0 test coverage since all ETH 2.0 block operations including casper slashings, attestation processing, deposit handling, and RANDAO is now done with 100% test coverage according to the latest spec.
firms; the Transport;	To prove it has the documents, TheDarkOverlord published a set of letters and emails that mention various law firms, including the Transport Security Administration (TSA), and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which has revealed it’s investigating the incident.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Ethereum has recovered after a few weeks operating very weakly compared to other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin or XRP.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Ethereum has recovered after a few weeks operating very weakly compared to other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin or XRP.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This marks a 50% increase to 300 PH, which is being deployed to mine Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
firms; Lloyds;	According to an update posted on Twitter on New Year’s Eve, the group claims to have stolen thousands of documents from insurance firms such as Lloyds of London, Silverstein Properties, and Hiscox Syndicates.
insurers; Hiscox;	One of the cases the law firm handled for Hiscox and other insurers related to litigation arising from the events of 9/11, and we believe that information relating to this was stolen during that breach.
documents; emails;	The hackers have also mentioned the Transport Security Administration (TSA) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in a set of emails and other documents they published.
companies; Netflix;	According to reports, the group has hacked several other companies such as Netflix and Plastic surgery clinics, offering sensitive information for sale on the dark web in order to extort money from its victims.
companies; Plastic;	According to reports, the group has hacked several other companies such as Netflix and Plastic surgery clinics, offering sensitive information for sale on the dark web in order to extort money from its victims.
several legal firms; Hiscox;	On new years eve, the infamous hacker group, known as “Darkoverlord” revealed that they had hacked several legal firms including Hiscox Syndicates, Lloyd's of London and Silverstein's properties; the group asserted that they had stolen over 18,000 documents all allegedly relating to the 9/11 attacks.
structures; the World;	“Hiscox Syndicates Ltd and Lloyds of London are some of the biggest insurers on the planet insuring everything from the smallest policies to some of the largest policies on the planet, and who even insured structures such as the World Trade Centers,” the message reads.
insurers; Hiscox;	“One of the cases the law firm handled for Hiscox and other insurers related to litigation arising from the events of 9/11, and we believe that information relating to this was stolen during that breach.” said a representative
structures; the World;	“Hiscox Syndicates Ltd and Lloyds of London are some of the biggest insurers on the planet insuring everything from the smallest policies to some of the largest policies on the planet, and who even insured structures such as the World Trade Centers.”
retailers; Samer;	Jewelry maker Marks Jewelers, one of the biggest retailers of its kind in the U.S., began taking BCH for payments in October, joining a growing list of jewelry retailers including Samer Halimeh New York and Reeds.
retailers; Overstock;	Acceptance by payment processors like Bitpay, used by leading retailers such as Overstock and Newegg, has also helped the cause to move forward.
retailers; Newegg;	Acceptance by payment processors like Bitpay, used by leading retailers such as Overstock and Newegg, has also helped the cause to move forward.
trade; a form;	Taxpayers who have made some form of declarations regarding cryptocurrency trades have captured such trade as a form of ‘other trade income’ or ‘other trade loss’, and have made reference to a description of digital/cryptocurrency trading (e.g.
operators; the ports;	With their inclusion in the TradeLens project, they will join other leading operators such as the ports of Rotterdam, Hong Kong, Bilbao or Halifax.
various documents; “ police;	This initial assessment, the news outlet notes, must include various documents, including “police and National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) records of all members of the company or start-up doing the ICO,” as well as a curriculum vitae, descriptions of the problems the project behind the ICO is set to solve, a whitepaper with offering’s risks, advantages and disadvantages, and bankruptcy records.
various documents; National;	This initial assessment, the news outlet notes, must include various documents, including “police and National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) records of all members of the company or start-up doing the ICO,” as well as a curriculum vitae, descriptions of the problems the project behind the ICO is set to solve, a whitepaper with offering’s risks, advantages and disadvantages, and bankruptcy records.
countries; China;	The news outlet reached out to PSEC to ask why the country wasn’t banning ICOs in what would be a move similar to that of China and other countries.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	Finally, MIT Technology Review considers state-backed cryptos, like Petro, and claims that the discussion around them will heat up, as “cash use continues to decline around the world and new payment technologies, including cryptocurrencies, improve”.
funds; the Parity;	There are still many bugs in smart contracts that have to lead to huge losses in funds such as the Parity Wallet loophole.
stakeholders; technologists;	According to the post members of the task force will include, stakeholders such as technologists, consumers, institutional and small investors, large and small blockchain enterprises and academics.
stakeholders; consumers;	According to the post members of the task force will include, stakeholders such as technologists, consumers, institutional and small investors, large and small blockchain enterprises and academics.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	While 2018 was a harsh year for bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies regarding price movement, it remains to be seen whether 2019 will bring back the bulls.
topics; community;	They have also released their NGD Annual Report which covers topics such as community development, dapp development, global events and technical progress.
network; distributed storage;	In his tweet, Da Hongfei mentioned that he will be focused on modules that can be added to the NEO network such as distributed storage, identity services, and layer 2 improvements that make the NEO network much more developer-friendly.
network; identity;	In his tweet, Da Hongfei mentioned that he will be focused on modules that can be added to the NEO network such as distributed storage, identity services, and layer 2 improvements that make the NEO network much more developer-friendly.
officials; the country;	The hearings will be attended by Chilean top officials, including the country’s Minister of Finance, Felipe Larrain, Minister of Economy, Jose Ramon Valente, and the president of the country's banks association, Segismundo Schulin-Zeuthen.
officials; the nation;	Next month, the TLDC will be reviewing testimonies from both parties and Chile’s top government officials including the nation’s finance minister, Felipe Larrain will be present at the hearings.
µTorrent products; Ads;	Users can now use TRX, Binance Coin (BNB) and Bitcoin (BTC) to purchase 1-year subscriptions of BitTorrent or µTorrent products, including Ads Free and Pro for Windows.
the logo; a cleaner;	There are some important changes to the logo, including a cleaner B symbol, the addition of the SV characters at the end and a “new” dragon gold color.
firms; team;	They will also be working with the BCH Professional Stress Test team and other firms to test and improve its capacity.
the major exchanges; Coinbase;	The BSV hard fork has not been adopted by some of the major exchanges such as Coinbase and Gemini yet, which have already adopted the other hard fork or Bitcoin ABC just after the hard fork.
the major exchanges; Gemini;	The BSV hard fork has not been adopted by some of the major exchanges such as Coinbase and Gemini yet, which have already adopted the other hard fork or Bitcoin ABC just after the hard fork.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	“We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy,” said Byrne.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	“We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	“We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.”
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	“We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.”
crypto; utility;	In November, twenty-three kinds of business taxes became available for payment in crypto, including utility tax, sales tax, and employee withholdings.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.
early filers; Overstock;	Bitcoin payments incur a fee of only one percent, Forbes reported, but early filers such as Overstock can avoid charges altogether.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	“We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies [is] the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.”
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	We have long thought that thoughtful governmental adoption of emerging technologies such as cryptocurrencies (when accompanied by non-restrictive legislation over these technologies) is the best way to ensure the U.S. does not lose our place at the forefront of the ever-advancing global economy.
major companies; Google;	According to a press release shared with CryptoGlobe, the cryptocurrency exchange will offer its users securities in the form of tokenized stocks from major companies, including Google’s parent company Alphabet, Facebook, and Amazon.
various major companies; Google;	According to the company’s press release, cryptocurrency users will be able to purchase tokens that will be backed by stocks in various major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
various major companies; Facebook;	According to the company’s press release, cryptocurrency users will be able to purchase tokens that will be backed by stocks in various major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
various major companies; Amazon;	According to the company’s press release, cryptocurrency users will be able to purchase tokens that will be backed by stocks in various major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
the world; the New;	The exchange isn’t stopping at Nasdaq stocks, but instead planning to create smart contracts which will connect to major stock market all over the world, including the New York Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and the Tokyo stock exchange.
the financial arena; NASDAQ;	Due to an excessive security level and transparency related to blockchain tokens, major players at the financial arena such as NASDAQ started to consider alternative ways to replace traditional stock trading.
companies; Google;	The main function of DX.Exchange is tokenization of real stocks listed at NASDAQ, thus later the exchange will be able to purchase the tokens of major tech companies including Google and Apple for the vast swaths of crypto-assets.
companies; Apple;	The main function of DX.Exchange is tokenization of real stocks listed at NASDAQ, thus later the exchange will be able to purchase the tokens of major tech companies including Google and Apple for the vast swaths of crypto-assets.
US stocks; Tesla;	A new crypto exchange powered by Nasdaq’s world-class matching engine is set to tokenize US stocks such as Tesla, Facebook and Apple.
US stocks; Facebook;	A new crypto exchange powered by Nasdaq’s world-class matching engine is set to tokenize US stocks such as Tesla, Facebook and Apple.
US stocks; Apple;	A new crypto exchange powered by Nasdaq’s world-class matching engine is set to tokenize US stocks such as Tesla, Facebook and Apple.
companies; Apple;	DX.Exchange will offer digital securities backed on a 1:1 ratio by stocks in 10 Nasdaq companies, including Apple, Facebook, and Tesla.
companies; Facebook;	DX.Exchange will offer digital securities backed on a 1:1 ratio by stocks in 10 Nasdaq companies, including Apple, Facebook, and Tesla.
Nasdaq-listed companies; Alphabet;	According to a recent report by Bloomberg, DX.Exchange will offer digital tokens based on shares of 10 Nasdaq-listed companies, including Alphabet (GOOGL), Apple (AAPL), Amazon (AMZN), Facebook (FB), Microsoft (MSFT), Tesla (TSLA), Netflix (NFLX), Baidu (BIDU), Intel (INTC) and Nvidia (NVDA).
stocks; Tesla;	DX.Exchange, a community-based exchange has now made it possible to trade stocks such as Tesla, Apple, Facebook among others via tokenization using ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum network.
stocks; Apple;	DX.Exchange, a community-based exchange has now made it possible to trade stocks such as Tesla, Apple, Facebook among others via tokenization using ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum network.
stocks; Facebook;	DX.Exchange, a community-based exchange has now made it possible to trade stocks such as Tesla, Apple, Facebook among others via tokenization using ERC20 tokens on the Ethereum network.
cryptocurrencies; ];	The exchange announced that these services will be launched on January 7, 2019, and this will be the first time securities can be purchased with Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	The exchange has to confirm if other cryptocurrencies such as XRP and BTC can be used.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	The exchange has to confirm if other cryptocurrencies such as XRP and BTC can be used.
major companies; Apple;	The Estonian cryptocurrency exchange DX.Exchange plans on offering tokenized securities on its platform that will allow users to indirectly purchase shares of major companies such as Apple, Google, and Tesla.
major companies; Google;	The Estonian cryptocurrency exchange DX.Exchange plans on offering tokenized securities on its platform that will allow users to indirectly purchase shares of major companies such as Apple, Google, and Tesla.
conservatives; Roger;	Bitcoin SV (Satoshi Vision), and BCH ABC are the two tickers and product of the hard fork led by conservatives such as Roger Ver and the famous Craig Wright who had earlier claimed he was the mysterious founder of Bitcoin, Satoshi Nakamoto.
hardware; high-end ASICs;	As a standalone (independent) and system-wide update, programmatic PoW has been designed to prevent ether miners from using specialized mining hardware such as high-end ASICs.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Weiss Ratings has published its outlook for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in 2019.
new entrants; Holochain;	Also, Weiss envisages a shakeup in the top ten rankings with new entrants such as Holochain and Hedera Hashgraph.
new entrants; Hedera;	Also, Weiss envisages a shakeup in the top ten rankings with new entrants such as Holochain and Hedera Hashgraph.
digital currencies; XRP;	The agency describes that selected digital currencies such as XRP and Stellar will have a significant impact on the traditional financial system.
digital currencies; Stellar;	The agency describes that selected digital currencies such as XRP and Stellar will have a significant impact on the traditional financial system.
Forks; Bitcoin;	Weiss predicts that Bitcoin Forks such as Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin and Bitcoin SV will disappear from the market.
companies; virtual currencies;	According to Weiss Ratings, the independent rating agency that focuses on virtual currencies and other companies released a new article with insights about the crypto market for 2019.
coins; EOS;	Villaverde mentioned that coins such as EOS, Cardano (ADA) or Holochain are leading the change to create the Internet 3.0
coins; Cardano;	Villaverde mentioned that coins such as EOS, Cardano (ADA) or Holochain are leading the change to create the Internet 3.0
new coins; Holochain;	Finally, Villaverde says that there will be new coins such as Holochain, Hedera Hashgraph or others that could make it to the top 10.
new coins; Hedera;	Finally, Villaverde says that there will be new coins such as Holochain, Hedera Hashgraph or others that could make it to the top 10.
qualities; high portability;	Weiss’ report pointed out qualities such as high portability and a chance to compete with gold as the value standard.
qualities; a chance;	Weiss’ report pointed out qualities such as high portability and a chance to compete with gold as the value standard.
last year; the Bitcoin;	Notably, quite many significant technologies emerged last year, including the Bitcoin Lightning Network, which is aimed at speeding up bitcoin transactions, Hedera Hashgraph, Holochain and a host of others.
cryptos; bitcoin;	It’s noteworthy that several heavyweights in the cryptosphere have predicted that bitcoin and other cryptos are here to stay.
institutional investors; NASDAQ;	Although most of the bullish price predictions of bitcoin by experts like David Drake, Tom Lee and others failed to come to pass in 2018, 2019 might be the year as institutional investors such as NASDAQ, Bakkt and other get ready to join the bitcoin train.
institutional investors; Bakkt;	Although most of the bullish price predictions of bitcoin by experts like David Drake, Tom Lee and others failed to come to pass in 2018, 2019 might be the year as institutional investors such as NASDAQ, Bakkt and other get ready to join the bitcoin train.
the space; Charles;	Additionally, well-known influencers of the space such as Charles Hoskinson, the Co-Founder of Ethereum and CEO of IOHK, and Satoshi Nakamoto, the creator of Bitcoin, have shown their interest in BitTorrent.
operations; Bitmain;	The proposed algorithm change would block ASIC miners, which are primarily used by large mining operations such as Bitmain.
changes; improvements;	Constantinople is said to include an array of design changes including improvements to streamline Ethereum’s code and the delaying of Ethereum’s difficulty bomb, which is a code fix designed to prompt frequent upgrades.
technology; trusted computing;	TEEX has a deep understanding of data security protection technology such as trusted computing.
alternative blockchains; EOS;	Therefore, alternative blockchains such as EOS and Tron began to gain popularity after the launch of their mainnets.
alternative blockchains; Tron;	Therefore, alternative blockchains such as EOS and Tron began to gain popularity after the launch of their mainnets.
equipment; computers;	According to WoodTV the non-profit organization, the National Science Institute – previously known as the Geek Group - has been around since 1994 but on December 21 of last year saw the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Homeland Security Agency raid its offices and seize computers, hard drives, and other equipment.
equipment; hard drives;	According to WoodTV the non-profit organization, the National Science Institute – previously known as the Geek Group - has been around since 1994 but on December 21 of last year saw the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the Homeland Security Agency raid its offices and seize computers, hard drives, and other equipment.
equipment; computers;	In that video Boden said that computers, hard drives and other equipment was removed from the office on Dec. 21 because he was commercially trading in crypto-currency without the proper authorization.
equipment; hard drives;	In that video Boden said that computers, hard drives and other equipment was removed from the office on Dec. 21 because he was commercially trading in crypto-currency without the proper authorization.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
some analysts; Tone;	Even though negative market sentiments are slowly changing towards more positive ones, some analysts, including Tone Vays remain unconvinced that the bottom for the cryptocurrency market is in.
feature; the addition;	On Jan 3., OKEx announced expanded support for its perpetual swap feature, including the addition of LTC, Ethereum and XRP among several other currencies.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It seems to be doing well for itself as its prices have been lit green all day long, while other cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin [BTC], are trying hard to stay afloat.
BCH; UnitedCorp;	The suit filed alleges that the defendants jointly used unfair methods and practices to manipulate the Bitcoin Cash (BCH) network for their benefit and detriment of UnitedCorp and other BCH stakeholders.
agencies; the FBI;	The US-based crypto exchange, which additionally operates in Canada, Europe, and Japan, reportedly received 315 subpoenas from US law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, HSI, CIA, IRS, SEC, and other government bodies.
agencies; HSI;	The US-based crypto exchange, which additionally operates in Canada, Europe, and Japan, reportedly received 315 subpoenas from US law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, HSI, CIA, IRS, SEC, and other government bodies.
agencies; CIA;	The US-based crypto exchange, which additionally operates in Canada, Europe, and Japan, reportedly received 315 subpoenas from US law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, HSI, CIA, IRS, SEC, and other government bodies.
agencies; IRS;	The US-based crypto exchange, which additionally operates in Canada, Europe, and Japan, reportedly received 315 subpoenas from US law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, HSI, CIA, IRS, SEC, and other government bodies.
agencies; SEC;	The US-based crypto exchange, which additionally operates in Canada, Europe, and Japan, reportedly received 315 subpoenas from US law enforcement agencies, including the FBI, HSI, CIA, IRS, SEC, and other government bodies.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	And eventually, video game-related tokens could enter the broader crypto ecosystem, allowing consumers, whether young or otherwise, to transact their gaming currencies for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
the last week; CryptoGlobe;	Several news publications over the last week, including CryptoGlobe, reported that Fortnite merchandise store was accepting payment in Monero (XMR).
stringent regulatory moves; New;	The United States  as a whole remains a patchwork jurisdiction for such legislation, with some of the more stringent regulatory moves such as New York’s BitLicense continuing to cause a backlash from industry businesses.
content; access;	 “‘Consumptive purposes’ means to provide or receive goods, services, or content, including access to goods, services, or content.”
content; access;	The consumptive purpose of digital tokens is defined as “to provide or receive goods, services, or content, including access to goods, services, or content,” according to the document.
wallets; the Trezor;	However, back in December, a research team published a presentation on how to hack cryptocurrency hardware wallets, including the Trezor One, Ledger Nano S, and Ledger Blue.
prominent analysts; Tone;	Although cryptocurrency prices still remain relatively low, and prominent analysts including Tone Vays and Willy Woo have predicted that the bear market will likely continue, the approval of a crypto ETF in Japan could potentially encourage more institutional investors to enter the digital asset ecosystem.
crypto-related businesses; local exchanges;	After the devastating hack of cryptocurrency exchange, Coincheck (in late January 2018) during which over $534 million worth of NEM (XEM) tokens were stolen, the FSA had increased its scrutiny of local exchanges and other crypto-related businesses.
classes; stocks;	However, exchange-traded funds have been notoriously hard to bring to life in Japan, even for more traditional asset classes such as stocks and bonds.
classes; bonds;	However, exchange-traded funds have been notoriously hard to bring to life in Japan, even for more traditional asset classes such as stocks and bonds.
instruments; Bitcoin;	Last month, Japan’s financial regulator barred such instruments as Bitcoin futures or Ethereum options to avoid stoke speculation, which was a setback for investors.
regions; Korea;	Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Malta, and other regions have implemented strict policies on Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML), monitoring suspicious transactions and disallowing anonymous accounts from trading cryptocurrencies.
regions; Singapore;	Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Malta, and other regions have implemented strict policies on Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML), monitoring suspicious transactions and disallowing anonymous accounts from trading cryptocurrencies.
regions; Malta;	Japan, South Korea, Singapore, Malta, and other regions have implemented strict policies on Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML), monitoring suspicious transactions and disallowing anonymous accounts from trading cryptocurrencies.
any altcoins; Litecoin;	While Lee’s post may seem anti-Bitcoin to some, it’s worth noting that he is on the record saying investors should own at least 1 bitcoin (BTC) before purchasing any altcoins, including Litecoin.
stocks; Apple;	The exchange has offices in Estonia and Israel and what makes it so original is that fact that it allows trading XRP and more cryptos but also popular NASDAQ stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla and more.
stocks; Facebook;	The exchange has offices in Estonia and Israel and what makes it so original is that fact that it allows trading XRP and more cryptos but also popular NASDAQ stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla and more.
stocks; Tesla;	The exchange has offices in Estonia and Israel and what makes it so original is that fact that it allows trading XRP and more cryptos but also popular NASDAQ stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla and more.
investors; Bitcoin;	On Monday (January 7th), CoinFloor Group, "the longest established UK based cryptocurrency exchange company", announced that its subsidiary CoinfloorEX, "the world's first physically delivered bitcoin futures exchange," has been spun off to become CoinFLEX (Coin Futures and Lending Exchange), which is based in Hong Kong and owned by several high profile investors including Bitcoin Cash (BCH) advocate Roger Ver, launching next month.
commercial hedging; mining;	The new exchange is "incorporated in the Seychelles and is focused on the Asian retail trader market as well as the market for commercial hedging, including mining firms, OTC trading desks and global proprietary trading firms."
participants; Roger;	The platform is a consortium with participants such as Roger Ver (Bitcoin.com CEO), B2C2, Trading Technologies, and Alameda Research among others.
exchanges; Intercontinental;	Other exchanges such as Intercontinental Exchange Inc., which owns the New York Stock Exchange, and Chicago-based Eris Exchange, recently revealed plans to introduce physically delivered futures for BTC.
prominent backers; Roger;	CoinFloor, however, will maintain equity in the new firm and CoinFLEX has a number of prominent backers including Roger Ver and Trading Technologies International Inc.
companies; Dragonfly;	Among other members of the consortium behind CoinFLEX we should mention early BTC investor Mike Komaransky and a number of companies including Dragonfly Capital Partners, Global Advisors, Grapefruit Trading and Alameda Research and others.
investors; Trading;	CoinFLEX will be owned by a consortium of investors, including Trading Technologies, Roger Ver, Mike Komaransky, Dragonfly Capital Partners, Global Advisors, B2C2, Amber AI, Grapefruit Trading and Alameda Research.
the new exchange; Coinfloor;	Coinfloor Group, which will retain an equity stake in CoinFLEX, reported transferring some ranking team members to the new exchange, including Coinfloor’s co-founder Mark Lamb, who relocated from London to Hong Kong to serve as a CEO of CoinFLEX.
multiple high-profile partnerships; Microsoft;	However, Bakkt has a lot going for themselves as well with multiple high-profile partnerships, including Microsoft, Boston Consulting Group, Starbucks, and numerous others.
multiple high-profile partnerships; Boston;	However, Bakkt has a lot going for themselves as well with multiple high-profile partnerships, including Microsoft, Boston Consulting Group, Starbucks, and numerous others.
algorithm; ones;	Be careful w/ coins that are not dominant in their respective mining algorithm, especially ones that are NiceHash-able.
entities; team;	However, if the Ethereum Classic team and other entities involved in the ecosystem can stabilize the chain, ETC could recover over time.
products; platforms;	Coinbase detected the deep chain reorganizations over the weekend, forcing the cryptocurrency firm to freeze all Ethereum Classic transactions on their trading platforms and other products and services.
additional reorganizations; double spends;	After the initial detection that led Coinbase to pause all ETC activity, eight additional reorganizations including double spends were discovered that totaled 88,500 ETC, or roughly $446,000 at ETC’s current price of $5.04 on Coinbase Pro.
“; ones;	Litecoin creator Charlie Lee was among the most vocal, warning investors to “be careful” with coins that aren’t dominant in the mining algorithm they use, “especially ones that are NiceHash-able.” Lee explained that ETC is 98% NiceHash-able.
space; Litecoin;	Reactions to the latest attack on Ethereum Classic are pouring in from leaders in the crypto space, including Litecoin founder Charlie Lee, Ripple CTO David Schwartz and Dogecoin founder Jackson Palmer.
algorithm; ones;	Be careful w/ coins that are not dominant in their respective mining algorithm, especially ones that are NiceHash-able.
exchanges; Coinbase;	Elsewhere, commentator grubles noted the “liability” factor for exchanges such as Coinbase was less with ETC versus Ethereum (ETH) itself than with the Bitcoin Cash (BCH) hard fork and Bitcoin (BTC).
fields; timestamp;	The exchange notes that “a full blockchain analysis is beyond the scope” of its blog post, adding that further examination into “the addresses sending the double spend transactions, the history of sends/receives from the addresses, the block fields such as timestamp, and the subsequent movement of miner rewards from attack blocks may shed light on the threat actor or actors behind these attacks.”
” —; securities;	The patent filing describes a system that would be able to receive orders to trade “digital transactional items” — such as securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets — from broker-dealers and then translate the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange.
” —; tokens;	The patent filing describes a system that would be able to receive orders to trade “digital transactional items” — such as securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets — from broker-dealers and then translate the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange.
” —; digital shares;	The patent filing describes a system that would be able to receive orders to trade “digital transactional items” — such as securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets — from broker-dealers and then translate the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange.
” —; cash;	The patent filing describes a system that would be able to receive orders to trade “digital transactional items” — such as securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets — from broker-dealers and then translate the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange.
offerings; initial public offerings;	The filing further explains that the platform can be used to conduct initial public offerings and other offerings of securities that are registered U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), “and by the general public to trade those securities in secondary market transactions.”
network; a hard fork;	Initially, both organizations attempted to negotiate a form of bailout from the Ethereum network, including a hard fork, but this time, the community disagreed to roll back blockchain history and erase the losses.
the twins; some hard-hitting ones;	Users posted several questions to the twins, including some hard-hitting ones, which, to their credit, they answered in plentiful.
places; Street;	The New York-based exchange,proudly advertising that it is a regulated cryptocurrency exchange, as seen in the many advertisements cropping up on Wall Street and other places, has had a stellar 2018, putting it in shape to become one of America’s top cryptocurrency exchanges.
means; helicopter;	Local authorities conducted an extensive investigation, even searching the area via helicopter, dog units, and other means.
means; dog units;	Local authorities conducted an extensive investigation, even searching the area via helicopter, dog units, and other means.
authorities; the FBI;	However, it is also noteworthy that her disappearance occurred at the same time when BitConnect was under investigation by the FBI and other authorities.
an extensive search; marines;	Several months ago, her car was found by the authorities in Kurnell, New South Wales, but an extensive search including marines, a helicopter, and dogs did not find her.
an extensive search; a helicopter;	Several months ago, her car was found by the authorities in Kurnell, New South Wales, but an extensive search including marines, a helicopter, and dogs did not find her.
methods; direct download;	Meanwhile, they expect to resume offering all features “via alternative distribution methods such as direct download and F-Droid in the coming months.” F-Droid, the most popular alternative Android app marketplace, has fewer restrictions than the Google Play Store but its install process can be too complicated for some users.
methods; F-Droid;	Meanwhile, they expect to resume offering all features “via alternative distribution methods such as direct download and F-Droid in the coming months.” F-Droid, the most popular alternative Android app marketplace, has fewer restrictions than the Google Play Store but its install process can be too complicated for some users.
methods; direct download;	“We hope to bring these features back somehow in the future in the Google Play Store release, and are dedicated to offering the full feature set experience via alternative distribution methods such as direct download and F-Droid in the coming months.”
methods; F-Droid;	“We hope to bring these features back somehow in the future in the Google Play Store release, and are dedicated to offering the full feature set experience via alternative distribution methods such as direct download and F-Droid in the coming months.”
Store; Bitcoin;	In September 2018, Google removed three cryptocurrency wallets from the Play Store, including Bitcoin Wallet, CoPay, and BitPay.
the system; applications;	“Walled garden” is a term synonymous with closed-platform or closed ecosystem, referring to a software system where the service provider takes on holistic control over all operations in the system including applications, content and media.
the system; content;	“Walled garden” is a term synonymous with closed-platform or closed ecosystem, referring to a software system where the service provider takes on holistic control over all operations in the system including applications, content and media.
the system; media;	“Walled garden” is a term synonymous with closed-platform or closed ecosystem, referring to a software system where the service provider takes on holistic control over all operations in the system including applications, content and media.
Google; Facebook;	However, this is not a new trend taken on by Google, but rather one that has been proliferating for years among big technology companies even outside of Google, including Facebook and Amazon.
Google; Amazon;	However, this is not a new trend taken on by Google, but rather one that has been proliferating for years among big technology companies even outside of Google, including Facebook and Amazon.
nodes; the second chain;	The malicious miners can then release the silently mined blocks on the second chain and other nodes will accept this as the new correct chain since it is longer.
platforms; Coinbase;	Reactions to this attack have been pouring in from various quarters, including the temporary ban placed on various activities involving ETC by major cryptocurrency exchange platforms such as Coinbase and Kraken.
platforms; Kraken;	Reactions to this attack have been pouring in from various quarters, including the temporary ban placed on various activities involving ETC by major cryptocurrency exchange platforms such as Coinbase and Kraken.
blockchain; Bitcoin;	It was a double-spend mining attack and a breach of security which is a formal assumption in its design, which is vulnerable to 51% attacks, as in any other proof of work blockchain, including Bitcoin.
providers; Kraken;	This forced service providers such as Kraken to temporarily halt all funding of this altcoin, although some users ask the company to effectively delist ETC.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Many people in the community are speculating that the next bull run for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will be triggered if Russia successfully adopts Bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	While Ginko has appeared on news outlets, support Bitcoin as an asset class, as whole, the country’s legal policies have not always been in favor of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
makers; a first-mover advantage;	The 0x team has made it clear that several benefits await their market makers, including a first-mover advantage, potentials of trading on a new platform, and low-cost trading where market fees are exempted.
makers; potentials;	The 0x team has made it clear that several benefits await their market makers, including a first-mover advantage, potentials of trading on a new platform, and low-cost trading where market fees are exempted.
exchanges; Binance;	However the move failed to yield a tangible result partly due to the fact that it required victims to sign away their rights to a lawsuit against the platform, moreover several other exchanges including Binance, also began offering support for Nano.
factors; lack;	Per the report, most central banks blamed factors such as lack of acceptance, complex compliance issues, unawareness among the general public and illegal status of cryptocurrencies in some countries for their stifled growth in the finance industry.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Similarly, on July 9, 2018, the newly appointed BIS chief Agustin Carstens, stated that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies can never function as money.
wholesale settlements; securities;	Among the central banks that are engaged in CBDC work, 31% are concentrating on general purpose central bank digital currencies (issued for use by the general public) while 13% are focusing on wholesale central bank digital currencies (issued for wholesale settlements such as securities settlement and interbank payments).
types; e-mail;	PGP and GPG (a Free and Open Source alternative implementation) remain the most actively used cryptographic protocols for e-mail and other types of communications on the web.
sites; the Daily;	 Other news sites such as the Daily Crusader are also talking about the significance of this move.
deposited cash; savings;	Dubbed the “Collectors’ Referendum,” the latest demonstration by the movement calls on supporters to withdraw all their savings and other deposited cash from financial institutions on Saturday.
distinguished personalities; Tariq;	The event was attended by a number of distinguished personalities, including Tariq Bajwa, the Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	However, speaking to The Express Tribune, the State Bank of Pakistan spokesman Abid Qamar said that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies remain prohibited by the government, raising questions on the motive behind the government’s push for blockchain technology adoption.
Cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin have the ability to provide financial freedom to individuals because it does not prevent or restrict individuals from utilizing the network.
difficulties; a tough market;	Crypto exchange ShapeShift has announced a round of layoffs, citing a range of difficulties including a tough market climate.
many companies; ShapeShift;	With any luck the coming year will be more favorable and many companies, including ShapeShift, will see a brighter future as the months go on.
massive layoffs; BCH;	Read more: Bitmain issuing massive layoffs, including BCH GO client development team, ConsenSys cuts were "ruthless and swift", according to staff
the industry; ConsenSys;	Following one of the largest bull markets in the history of the cryptocurrency market in 2017, the vast majority of companies in the industry including ConsenSys, Bitmain, and ShapeShift aggressively expanded their services, often outside of their core business.
the industry; Bitmain;	Following one of the largest bull markets in the history of the cryptocurrency market in 2017, the vast majority of companies in the industry including ConsenSys, Bitmain, and ShapeShift aggressively expanded their services, often outside of their core business.
participants; Kobe;	The event will last until January 18 and it will have recognized participants such as Kobe Bryant and Justin Sun.
digital assets; Cardano;	Meanwhile, Bitcoin SV will have to improve its performance if it does not want other digital assets such as Cardano (ADA) to surpass it.
financial institutions; s banks;	In its own turn, local banking sector regulator (SUDEBAN) will create a regulatory framework for the country’s banks and other financial institutions so that they can comply with the new decree.
IOTA; financial intermediaries;	This solution is ideal for financial intermediaries and other IOTA partners working on different aspects of the project.
industries; the automotive industry;	Perhaps more importantly, this storage can also be used by IOTA partners that are working on applications to share data across a wide range of industries including the automotive industry, smart-energy, supply chains and global trade industries.
Ethereum; developers;	However, there is a slim chance that their might be other hard forks as developers and other Ethereum community members wish to carry out their own versions upgrading the Ethereum network.
influential supporters; Microsoft;	It is also noteworthy that Bakkt has a lot of influential supporters, including Microsoft and Starbucks, meaning that their supporters already include influential firms that have no apparent connection to the crypto world.
influential supporters; Starbucks;	It is also noteworthy that Bakkt has a lot of influential supporters, including Microsoft and Starbucks, meaning that their supporters already include influential firms that have no apparent connection to the crypto world.
seasoned investors; Boston;	They managed to raise $182.5 million as their Series A funding round from seasoned investors, including Boston Consulting Group, CMT Digital, Eagle Seven, Galaxy Digital, Goldfinch Partners, Alan Howard, Horizons Ventures, Intercontinental Exchange, Microsoft’s venture capital arm, M12, Pantera Capital, PayU, the Fintech arm of Naspers, and Protocol Ventures.
different backgrounds; entrepreneurs;	The entrepreneur cited the schools “approach to providing cutting-edge software engineering training to people from different backgrounds, including entrepreneurs like [himself]” as the reason for financially supporting the institution.
grads; Apple;	The higher education program operates as a college alternative for software engineers and boasts a variety of top tier companies employing exiting grads including Apple, Google, LinkedIn, NASA, Facebook, and Tesla.
grads; Google;	The higher education program operates as a college alternative for software engineers and boasts a variety of top tier companies employing exiting grads including Apple, Google, LinkedIn, NASA, Facebook, and Tesla.
grads; LinkedIn;	The higher education program operates as a college alternative for software engineers and boasts a variety of top tier companies employing exiting grads including Apple, Google, LinkedIn, NASA, Facebook, and Tesla.
grads; NASA;	The higher education program operates as a college alternative for software engineers and boasts a variety of top tier companies employing exiting grads including Apple, Google, LinkedIn, NASA, Facebook, and Tesla.
grads; Facebook;	The higher education program operates as a college alternative for software engineers and boasts a variety of top tier companies employing exiting grads including Apple, Google, LinkedIn, NASA, Facebook, and Tesla.
innovative practices; the use;	Holberton also embraces other innovative practices, including the use of a blind application process that relies on technology to eliminate bias, and a tuition-free option that simply asks that students contribute a portion of their salary to the school for the first three and a half years of their post-Holberton employment.
thing; a standstill;	There is no such thing as a standstill when it comes to cryptocurrencies and digital assets.
addresses; addresses;	In the last 15 days, over 2.22 million PAY tokens were sent to this Bittrex deposit address from the two addresses and other addresses.
Cryptocurrencies; the ones;	As much as the Crypto community hates to admit, Cryptocurrencies especially the ones with privacy features make it a bit easier for kidnappers to demand ransom.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Live Bitcoin News reported that the City of London Police is exploring ways to educate fraud investigators on Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and how they can be used for illicit activities.
cryptocurrencies; the CheapAir;	There has been a rise in ransoms being demanded in cryptocurrencies including the CheapAir scandal and, more recently, the stealing of documents relating to the 9/11 attacks.
major corporations; Sequoia;	The company has seen investments from major corporations such as Sequoia Capital.
several countries; Singapore;	The exchange has offices in several countries such as Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, and is operating in over 130 countries.
several countries; Hong;	The exchange has offices in several countries such as Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, and is operating in over 130 countries.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	According to LetKnow, Ukrainian authorities are still trying to find out the exact agency that would be given the responsibility of regulating the industry, even though they have since agreed to categorize bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as financial assets.
the population; elderly people;	Some banks have already ceased handling physical cash which represents some problems for certain groups of the population such as elderly people who are not accustomed to digital payment solutions.
institutions; Council;	Today the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) published its forty nine pages guidelines to the EU institutions including Council, Commission, and Parliament on crypto-assets and initial coin offerings.
institutions; Commission;	Today the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) published its forty nine pages guidelines to the EU institutions including Council, Commission, and Parliament on crypto-assets and initial coin offerings.
crypto assets; bitcoin;	The European Banking Authority (EBA) has called for pan-EU rules on bitcoin and other crypto assets.
providers; wallet;	It had also asked nations to accelerate their supervision of the cryptocurrency service providers, including wallet services, exchanges, and ICO projects.
institutional investors; capitalists;	A global consensus on Bitcoin could raise confidence among the venture capitalists and other institutional investors that so far have kept their distance from the space over potential legal risks.
the field; money;	The agency, which is headquartered in London, recommends that the European Commission tables a response to the risks regulators associate with the field such as money laundering.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
information; data;	ESMA finds that some crypto assets may qualify as financial instruments under the markets in financial instrument directive (MiFID), which protects investors by requiring organizations to disclose information, including data on trading activity, and ensuring that organized trading takes place on regulated platforms.
cryptoassets; bitcoin;	In its report, the EBA noted that financial transactions involving bitcoin and other cryptoassets do not constitute regulated services within the jurisdiction of EU banking, payments and electronic money law and as such, there are no significant consumer protection mechanisms in place.
unlawful practices; money;	The agency also stated that the lack of an EU level regulation for cryptoassets also makes it easy for bad actors to use them in aiding their unlawful practices, including money laundering.
nations; Gibraltar;	For instance, nations such as Gibraltar and Malta are fast becoming a hotbed for blockchain-based businesses due to their liberal stance and amenable rules for cryptoassets.
nations; Malta;	For instance, nations such as Gibraltar and Malta are fast becoming a hotbed for blockchain-based businesses due to their liberal stance and amenable rules for cryptoassets.
crypto-related activities; cryptocurrency;	EBA has further stated in its report that since the current EU financial services law does not apply to a vast array of crypto-related activities, including cryptocurrency trading, custodial services, and others, it is pertinent for the European Commission to carry out more extensive studies on the cryptoassets industry using various approaches to find out more about opportunities and risks in the space and how to regulate it.
digital assets; bitcoin;	While the EU Is busy brainstorming on ways to regulate the cryptospace, it’s worth noting that bitcoin and other digital assets keep waxing stronger with each passing day, regarding adoption.
financial institutions; New;	Spearheaded by the Winklevoss twins and other financial institutions such as New York based VanEck, the proposal for a regulated BTC ETF was put in front of the United States Securities & Exchange multiple times, failing to gain approval in most cases and being continually delayed in others.
related matters; notification;	The country’s ministry of finance is allowing both of them to continue operating until Jan. 14 “to ensure proper proceeding of related matters including notification to the clients regarding asset refunds or asset transfers to other digital asset operators according to the clients’ order,” the SEC noted.
digital coins; Bitcoin;	Back in June 2018, the kingdom legalized seven digital coins, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, making it the first Asian country to do so.
digital coins; Ethereum;	Back in June 2018, the kingdom legalized seven digital coins, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, making it the first Asian country to do so.
agencies; insurers;	insurers, and other agencies; they promised not to expose this data, but for a
technologies; blockchain;	The Department of Energy (DOE) of the United States has announced $4.8 million in funding for university research of technologies including blockchain, according to an announcement published Jan. 7.
“; blockchain;	Projects eligible for funding include those researching emerging technologies, “such as blockchain and decentralized, peer-to-peer [P2P] internet protocols” to secure data from fossil power generation sensors.
unspecified information; the sensors;	The developed systems would be used to securely process data from the sensors and other unspecified information flows within distributed sensor networks for fossil-based power generation systems.
information; data;	Specifically, the department believes that blockchain and “decentralized, peer-to-peer-internet protocols” can specifically help the space with regards to “secure progress signal data and other information flow within distributed sensor networks for fossil-based power generation systems.”
technology; blockchain;	There are many people who truly believe that an emerging technology such as blockchain can definitely help to reduce the negative effects of human beings on the environment.
products; cigars;	Tabacs already sell a variety of products including cigars, cigarettes and lottery tickets.
products; cigarettes;	Tabacs already sell a variety of products including cigars, cigarettes and lottery tickets.
products; lottery tickets;	Tabacs already sell a variety of products including cigars, cigarettes and lottery tickets.
items; cigarettes;	 Bitcoin is now on sale in six French tobacco shops, where customers can buy other items including cigarettes, cigars, and lottery tickets.
items; cigars;	 Bitcoin is now on sale in six French tobacco shops, where customers can buy other items including cigarettes, cigars, and lottery tickets.
positive fundamentals; the progression;	Momentum is coming from a number of positive fundamentals including the progression of Project Atlas, BitTorrent’s BTT token launch, increased gaming dApp usage as TronGoo takes top spot, OKEx launching TRX margin trading, and the hiring of a former United States SEC supervisory attorney as its first chief compliance officer.
networks; blockchain;	Hashpower renting services such as Nicehash may also be a threat to a cryptocurrency platform’s security because someone could rent enough hashpower to launch 51% attacks on the Dash blockchain and other networks.
technologies; development;	Tron is one of the largest cryptocurrencies in the world and intends to work with regulatory agencies and financial authorities across the globe, initiating discussions about blockchain development, peer-to-peer systems, and other technologies.
technologies; peer-to-peer systems;	Tron is one of the largest cryptocurrencies in the world and intends to work with regulatory agencies and financial authorities across the globe, initiating discussions about blockchain development, peer-to-peer systems, and other technologies.
financial authorities; regulatory agencies;	As it has been sated by Justin Sun, founder and CEO of Tron, their aim is to establish communication with regulatory agencies and other financial authorities and to continue their work on developing blockchain in a responsible and absolutely legal way.
chains; Ethereum;	McIntyre claimed a total of 15 double spend attacks and “at least ETC 219,500 stolen.” His explanation of the attack was straightforward, saying there is no “root cause internally in the [ETC] system,” and by way of explanationa said that “ETC is still a relatively small PoW blockchain with a mining algorithm that is compatible with larger chains such as Ethereum so attackers can rent hash power on NiceHash to reorg the blockchain.”
attacks; a change;	He detailed a number of suggestions to strengthen ETC in the future against such attacks, including a change in the PoW algorithm, reorg protection, and higher confirmation times in general (between 2,500 and 5,000).
major companies; Google;	As Cointelegraph reported Jan. 3, DX.Exchange leverages Nasdaq’s Financial Information Exchange (FIX) protocol and allows its users to trade tokenized stocks of major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
major companies; Facebook;	As Cointelegraph reported Jan. 3, DX.Exchange leverages Nasdaq’s Financial Information Exchange (FIX) protocol and allows its users to trade tokenized stocks of major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
major companies; Amazon;	As Cointelegraph reported Jan. 3, DX.Exchange leverages Nasdaq’s Financial Information Exchange (FIX) protocol and allows its users to trade tokenized stocks of major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
sensitive data; password;	However, in its first few days, the platform revealed sensitive data, including password reset links, as reported by Ars Technica.
forms; ransomware;	Cryptocurrency mining malware took over from ransomware and other forms of malware last year as the top scourge of the internet.
legitimate infrastructure; Dropbox;	The study revealed that a common approach to disseminating the malicious software was to use legitimate infrastructure such as Dropbox or Github.
legitimate infrastructure; Github;	The study revealed that a common approach to disseminating the malicious software was to use legitimate infrastructure such as Dropbox or Github.
resistant coins; XMR;	Additionally mining Bitcoin on home computers is no longer viable so criminals switched to ASIC resistant coins such as XMR and BCN.
resistant coins; BCN;	Additionally mining Bitcoin on home computers is no longer viable so criminals switched to ASIC resistant coins such as XMR and BCN.
Binance; the broad user;	The Trust Wallet brand and team will retain the autonomy and freedom to develop the core product while benefiting from the increased synergy from Binance, including the broad user base and the upcoming DEX."
parts; Europe;	A source from the company explained that the process is even slower in Europe and other parts of the world.
verified publishers; Youtubers;	There are now over 28,000 verified publishers, including Youtubers and Twitch streamers.
verified publishers; Twitch;	There are now over 28,000 verified publishers, including Youtubers and Twitch streamers.
analysts; Tone;	Despite falling below $4000, BTC/USD remains well above the worst case scenario forecast by analysts such as Tone Vays, who warned the pair could yet fall to $1300 or even lower.
traders; The Crypto;	As early as January 7, traders including The Crypto Dog suggested that the technical indicators of ETH suggest a short-term downward movement.
percent; litecoin;	According to Coindesk’s Crypto-Economic Explorer (CEX), 18 of the 19 tracked cryptocurrencies are reporting double-digit 24-hour losses, with several extending depreciation beyond 15 percent including litecoin (LTC), neo (NEO) and cardano (ADA).
system; basic PC;	The agencies put down the security failures to “insufficient establishment and management of security system such as basic PC and network security.”
system; network;	The agencies put down the security failures to “insufficient establishment and management of security system such as basic PC and network security.”
exchanges; Coinrail;	South Korea has lost many millions of dollars in cryptocurrencies through hacks at exchanges such as Coinrail (over $40 million) and Bithumb (over $30 million).
secure ones; Bithumb;	In the interim, attackers have continually targeted South Korean operators in order to steal funds from users, with even officially secure ones such as Bithumb reporting breaches last year worth tens of millions of dollars.
tools; claymore;	The report also states that favoured tactics "is to use legitimate infrastructure such as Dropbox or GitHub to host the droppers, and stock mining tools such as claymore and xmrig to do the actual mining.”
tools; xmrig;	The report also states that favoured tactics "is to use legitimate infrastructure such as Dropbox or GitHub to host the droppers, and stock mining tools such as claymore and xmrig to do the actual mining.”
underground economies; Pay-Per-Install;	We analyze the infrastructure related to the different campaigns, showing that a high proportion of this ecosystem is supported by underground economies such as Pay-Per-Install services.
terms; info;	Customers can review the price, shipping time (Dec.20-31 1st batch), estimated product info, notes, payments, and other terms.
terms; notes;	Customers can review the price, shipping time (Dec.20-31 1st batch), estimated product info, notes, payments, and other terms.
terms; payments;	Customers can review the price, shipping time (Dec.20-31 1st batch), estimated product info, notes, payments, and other terms.
members; Allaire;	Sean Neville, Jeremy Allaire and other members of the Circle team were responding to questions about their company, judging from the following picture they shared on Reddit:
coins; Monero;	Regarding privacy centered coins such as Monero, Circle reps did not showed fear of regulatory actions over their activities with them.
coins; Circle;	Regarding privacy centered coins such as Monero, Circle reps did not showed fear of regulatory actions over their activities with them.
members; The CEO;	The CEO and other members of the peer-to-peer payments company took questions from the community earlier today.
methods; credit;	Other notable topics touched upon during the AMA session including the regulatory environment surrounding privacy coins such as Monero, the return of the Poloniex “Troll Box”, and plans to allow users to buy USDC using traditional payment methods such as credit cards.
representatives; Neville;	Jeremy Allaire made his remarks in an AMA reddit thread he initiated on Jan. 10 together with Circle co-founder Sean Neville and other representatives from the firm.
privacy-focused altcoins; Monero;	Other topics that gained traction on the thread were discussions of privacy-focused altcoins such as Monero (XMR), with many redditors keen to get insights into Circle’s approach to handling scrutiny from regulators and law enforcement into so-dubbed opaque blockchains.
markets; Coinbase;	The CEO has also suggested that USDC was becoming a famous asset because it gave “large traders” access to significant trading markets, including Coinbase, Binance, and Poloniex which is a crypto exchange that Circle acquired in early 2018.
markets; Binance;	The CEO has also suggested that USDC was becoming a famous asset because it gave “large traders” access to significant trading markets, including Coinbase, Binance, and Poloniex which is a crypto exchange that Circle acquired in early 2018.
bitcoin-backed ETFs; a proposal;	The SEC has already denied several proposed bitcoin-backed ETFs, including a proposal from the Winklevoss twins in July 2018 and bids from three different crypto-backed companies in August 2018.
market; the quality;	The company is said to have spent 2018 researching the concerns the SEC raised about the crypto market including the quality of the trading ecosystem, the reliability of pricing, the strength of the arbitrage function, and the robustness of custody.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
strict regulations; the implementation;	To conduct business within the People's Republic of China, blockchain service providers – any company providing "information services to the public through internet sites and applications based on blockchain technology or systems" – must henceforth adhere to strict regulations, including the implementation of ID verification for all users.
sites; WeChat;	The activist first published the letter on Chinese social media sites such as WeChat and Weibo, but was censored.
sites; Weibo;	The activist first published the letter on Chinese social media sites such as WeChat and Weibo, but was censored.
organizations; citizens;	The CAC states that these new regulations are meant to "safeguard national security and social public interests, protect the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, legal persons, and other organizations, and promote the healthy development of blockchain technology and related services."
organizations; legal persons;	The CAC states that these new regulations are meant to "safeguard national security and social public interests, protect the legitimate rights and interests of citizens, legal persons, and other organizations, and promote the healthy development of blockchain technology and related services."
Industries; oil;	Industries such as oil, shipping, and agriculture are starting to show interest in blockchain, the technology which underpins crypto assets like bitcoin.
Industries; shipping;	Industries such as oil, shipping, and agriculture are starting to show interest in blockchain, the technology which underpins crypto assets like bitcoin.
systems; user registration;	The blockchain information service provider shall implement the responsibility for information content security management, and establish and improve management systems such as user registration, information review, emergency response, and security protection … If the user does not perform real identity authentication, the blockchain information service provider shall not provide related services.
systems; information;	The blockchain information service provider shall implement the responsibility for information content security management, and establish and improve management systems such as user registration, information review, emergency response, and security protection … If the user does not perform real identity authentication, the blockchain information service provider shall not provide related services.
local exchanges; BTCC;	China previously cracked down on ICO’s by banning them in 2017, along with banning domestic cryptocurrency exchanges, dealing a huge blow to local exchanges such as BTCC.
information; content;	Blockchain service providers are required to be equipped with necessary procedures to tackle content and other information that is unintended for the public.
Coins; Bitcoin;	Coins such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], Litecoin [LTC], and XRP also witnessed a massive drop in their price due to the bear’s attack.
corporate partners; Microsoft;	In addition, the center received funding from corporate partners, including Microsoft and IBM.
corporate partners; IBM;	In addition, the center received funding from corporate partners, including Microsoft and IBM.
York; Coinbase;	A number of companies are beginning to set up shop within New York, including Coinbase, which opened a new office in the city last fall.
illicit activities; laundering;	Will security issues like this damage the reputation of crypto more than its use in money laundering and other illicit activities does?
the world; Facebook;	Stocks form some of the largest companies in the world such as Facebook, Apple and Google will be listed on the exchange.
the world; Apple;	Stocks form some of the largest companies in the world such as Facebook, Apple and Google will be listed on the exchange.
the world; Google;	Stocks form some of the largest companies in the world such as Facebook, Apple and Google will be listed on the exchange.
features; risk;	The security token exchange had initially announced its trading platform prototype in April, with the aim to create a way to trade security tokens with such features as risk management software, order management system and matching engine.
Crypto-currency; Bitcoins;	The bank asks users to declare that they “will not deal with any transactions related to Crypto-currency including Bitcoins,” adding that the Bank reserves the right to close their account if they should breach the agreement.
Crypto-currency; ”;	The bank asks users to declare that they “will not deal with any transactions related to Crypto-currency including Bitcoins,” adding that the Bank reserves the right to close their account if they should breach the agreement.
India; banks;	In July 2018, the RBI issued a statement restricting all regulated entities in India including banks to stop dealing with individuals or businesses that trade in cryptocurrencies.
Crypto-currency; Bitcoins;	The bank is pressurizing the customers to declare that they “will not deal with any transactions related to Crypto-currency including Bitcoins”.
countries; Malta;	Crypto originally exploded in the United States, though arguably began online, but is losing out to jurisdictions like Malta, Gibraltar, and other countries who have been more able to push through technology and financial friendly legislation- but the US is sporting a defense to try to keep crypto in America.
countries; Gibraltar;	Crypto originally exploded in the United States, though arguably began online, but is losing out to jurisdictions like Malta, Gibraltar, and other countries who have been more able to push through technology and financial friendly legislation- but the US is sporting a defense to try to keep crypto in America.
various rules; mandatory anti-money laundering;	The registration has been granted by the Kanto Financial Bureau and obliges Coincheck to follow various rules, including mandatory anti-money laundering procedures and a ban on anonymous virtual coins.
that time; Coincheck;	Exchange already operating at that time, including Coincheck, were allowed to work on a provisional basis but had to apply for a permit with the financial office in their area of registration.
coins; Dash;	Coincheck has also had to delist privacy coins such as Dash, ZCash and Monero from its platform.
coins; ZCash;	Coincheck has also had to delist privacy coins such as Dash, ZCash and Monero from its platform.
coins; Monero;	Coincheck has also had to delist privacy coins such as Dash, ZCash and Monero from its platform.
the country; financial services;	Now with the license in place, Coincheck joins the growing list of regulated crypto exchanges in the country, including financial services giant SBI Holdings, which operates a registered platform called VCTRADE.
major firms; Alibaba;	In December of last year, Hyperledger — an open source project created by the Linux Foundation and created to support the development of blockchain-based distributed ledgers — onboarded 12 new members, including such major firms as Alibaba Cloud, Citi and Deutsche Telekom.
different cryptocurrencies; BTC;	The cryptocurrency exchange is set to offer its users 13 different cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, and LTC, in 35 different trading pairs.
different cryptocurrencies; ETH;	The cryptocurrency exchange is set to offer its users 13 different cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, and LTC, in 35 different trading pairs.
characteristics; quality;	“My Story illuminates products and their supply chain for the benefit of consumers, who will have instant and in-depth access to key product characteristics such as quality, authenticity, origin, ingredients, water and energy consumption and more, all verified by DNV GL along the entire transformation process.”
characteristics; authenticity;	“My Story illuminates products and their supply chain for the benefit of consumers, who will have instant and in-depth access to key product characteristics such as quality, authenticity, origin, ingredients, water and energy consumption and more, all verified by DNV GL along the entire transformation process.”
characteristics; origin;	“My Story illuminates products and their supply chain for the benefit of consumers, who will have instant and in-depth access to key product characteristics such as quality, authenticity, origin, ingredients, water and energy consumption and more, all verified by DNV GL along the entire transformation process.”
characteristics; ingredients;	“My Story illuminates products and their supply chain for the benefit of consumers, who will have instant and in-depth access to key product characteristics such as quality, authenticity, origin, ingredients, water and energy consumption and more, all verified by DNV GL along the entire transformation process.”
characteristics; water;	“My Story illuminates products and their supply chain for the benefit of consumers, who will have instant and in-depth access to key product characteristics such as quality, authenticity, origin, ingredients, water and energy consumption and more, all verified by DNV GL along the entire transformation process.”
characteristics; energy;	“My Story illuminates products and their supply chain for the benefit of consumers, who will have instant and in-depth access to key product characteristics such as quality, authenticity, origin, ingredients, water and energy consumption and more, all verified by DNV GL along the entire transformation process.”
top coins; Bitcoin;	Even top coins such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], XRP, and Litecoin [LTC] succumbed to the bear’s attack.
cryptocurrencies; trading;	However, as there is no proper reasoning behind the debited amount, and many speculate that it may have been a campaign to raise awareness about the risks associated with the use of cryptocurrencies, including trading and the security of a blockchain through Proof of Work.
cryptocurrencies; the security;	However, as there is no proper reasoning behind the debited amount, and many speculate that it may have been a campaign to raise awareness about the risks associated with the use of cryptocurrencies, including trading and the security of a blockchain through Proof of Work.
platforms; YouTube;	Streamlabs is not only supported by Twitch but also by other streaming platforms, including YouTube.
live-streaming platforms; YouTube;	StreamLabs also supports crypto payments on other live-streaming platforms such as YouTube.
phrases; “ bitcoin;	Notably, Decenter claims the apparent ban is only affecting the keyword “Ethereum” - other cryptocurrency phrases such as “bitcoin,” “ICO,” and “EOS” are not being blocked.
phrases; ”;	Notably, Decenter claims the apparent ban is only affecting the keyword “Ethereum” - other cryptocurrency phrases such as “bitcoin,” “ICO,” and “EOS” are not being blocked.
types; gold;	Investors that have held onto the dominant cryptocurrency as a long-term investment expect the asset to eventually compete against gold and other types of safe-haven assets to become a multi-trillion dollar asset.
a personalized address; Vanitygen;	A vanity address was also used by the couple who placed an ad in The Times seeking to raise college funds for their “bitcoin baby.” Week-old Izabella’s bitcoin address starts with the characters “1ZAB5Xe.” For anyone wishing to follow suit, there are a number of third-party solutions that will help create a personalized address including Vanitygen and, for BCH users, Vanitygen Cash.
Services; Vanitygen;	Services such as Vanitygen are designed to search for exact prefixes or expression matches.
a service; Vanity;	If you lack the computational power to generate your own vanity address, a service such as Vanity Pool will do the honors, with the fee starting at 0.01 BTC for 1-6 characters, but rising significantly after that due to the increased processing power required.
a service; Vante.me;	The next safest option is probably to use a service such as Vante.me, which uses split-key address generation.
corner; cigarettes;	On Wednesday, Reuters reported that along with cigarettes, cigars, lottery tickets, and other corner store staples, visitors to Paris Tabacs will be able to purchase BTC for their Euros.
corner; cigars;	On Wednesday, Reuters reported that along with cigarettes, cigars, lottery tickets, and other corner store staples, visitors to Paris Tabacs will be able to purchase BTC for their Euros.
corner; lottery tickets;	On Wednesday, Reuters reported that along with cigarettes, cigars, lottery tickets, and other corner store staples, visitors to Paris Tabacs will be able to purchase BTC for their Euros.
exchanges; briefly;	Despite the cease-and-desist order, B2G continued to exist and was even listed on exchanges, including briefly on HitBTC.
entities; Businesses;	Businesses and other entities are often targeted by ransomware attacks by having their vital data encrypted, with attackers demanding cryptocurrency payments for the decryption keys.
platforms; Slack;	MacAfee Labs – one of the most well-known cybersecurity companies in the world – recently released a report that highlighted the ways that hackers often spread “cryptojacking” tactics through various social media platforms such as Slack and Discord.
platforms; Discord;	MacAfee Labs – one of the most well-known cybersecurity companies in the world – recently released a report that highlighted the ways that hackers often spread “cryptojacking” tactics through various social media platforms such as Slack and Discord.
pages; Wikipedia;	The malware replaces some of the most popular web pages such as Wikipedia, Google and Yandex in order to steal cryptocurrencies.
pages; Google;	The malware replaces some of the most popular web pages such as Wikipedia, Google and Yandex in order to steal cryptocurrencies.
pages; Yandex;	The malware replaces some of the most popular web pages such as Wikipedia, Google and Yandex in order to steal cryptocurrencies.
engines; Google;	Instead of containing the movie, the folder had a file with the name of the movie and a .lnk extension which, upon being opened, executed a malicious command that deployed an ad-injector on various search engines such as Google and Yandex (a very popular search portal in Russia and surrounding countries).
engines; Yandex;	Instead of containing the movie, the folder had a file with the name of the movie and a .lnk extension which, upon being opened, executed a malicious command that deployed an ad-injector on various search engines such as Google and Yandex (a very popular search portal in Russia and surrounding countries).
pages; Google;	The malicious activity extends to other web pages, including Google and Yandex search results, and on Wikipedia entries.
pages; Yandex;	The malicious activity extends to other web pages, including Google and Yandex search results, and on Wikipedia entries.
cryptocurrency; peer-to-peer trading;	Many country’s in Africa and South America are seeing huge interest in cryptocurrency, especially peer-to-peer trading (P2P).
advisors; Stephen;	Our team is composed by luxury watchmaking experts and a world-class board of advisors including Stephen Urquhart, Ex-President and CEO of Omega for 17 years and Oliver Bussmann, former Group CIO of UBS and SAP and one of the most influential blockchain expert”.
crypto-related services; digital assets;	The new tool allows banks and asset managers to offer their clients a number of crypto-related services including digital assets purchases, transfers and storage.
financial intermediaries; banks;	Vontobel says in its press release that their new offering allows "financial intermediaries such as banks, asset managers and wealth managers" to "provide their clients with an end-to-end service offering for digital assets" via "a simple connection," and that this means "clients can issue instructions for the purchase, custody and transfer of digital assets easily and securely within the banking infrastructure – like with traditional asset classes."
financial intermediaries; asset;	Vontobel says in its press release that their new offering allows "financial intermediaries such as banks, asset managers and wealth managers" to "provide their clients with an end-to-end service offering for digital assets" via "a simple connection," and that this means "clients can issue instructions for the purchase, custody and transfer of digital assets easily and securely within the banking infrastructure – like with traditional asset classes."
institutional clients; banks;	One of Switzerland’s major private banking firms, Vontobel, is offering regulated cryptocurrency custody services to institutional clients such as banks, fund managers, and crypto asset managers.
institutional clients; fund;	One of Switzerland’s major private banking firms, Vontobel, is offering regulated cryptocurrency custody services to institutional clients such as banks, fund managers, and crypto asset managers.
products; Bitcoin-based certificates;	This development is not Vontobel bank’s first crypto-related venture; they have been offering cryptocurrency-related investment products such as Bitcoin-based certificates since 2016.
crypto-related services; the purchasing;	Vontobel’s new custody solution will allow banks and crypto asset and fund managers the ability to offer clients a variety of crypto-related services such as the purchasing, transferring, and storage of digital assets.
crypto-related services; transferring;	Vontobel’s new custody solution will allow banks and crypto asset and fund managers the ability to offer clients a variety of crypto-related services such as the purchasing, transferring, and storage of digital assets.
the global economy; fintech;	As blockchain technology steadily gains traction in various sectors of the global economy such as fintech, supply chain, as well as arts and entertainment, Douglas County authorities strongly believe there is still more work to be done.
the global economy; supply;	As blockchain technology steadily gains traction in various sectors of the global economy such as fintech, supply chain, as well as arts and entertainment, Douglas County authorities strongly believe there is still more work to be done.
utilities; water;	As reported by BTCManager in November 2018, Chelan County PUD, the agency responsible for water, electricity and other utilities hiked electricity rates for crypto mining activities in the region to strike a balance in the system.
utilities; electricity;	As reported by BTCManager in November 2018, Chelan County PUD, the agency responsible for water, electricity and other utilities hiked electricity rates for crypto mining activities in the region to strike a balance in the system.
ERC20; TrueUSD;	TrueUSD, has come out with a novel method for crypto exchanges to manage millions of addresses associated with TrueUSD and other ERC20 tokens.
cryptocurrency; Twitter;	XRP Classic aka XRPC is a new coin that has surfaced on Twitter and other cryptocurrency ranking websites and the community considers this new coin a scam.
charts; Bitcoin;	This attribute has also been shared by several of the top honchos on the cryptocurrency charts, including Bitcoin [BTC] and Ethereum [ETH].
digital assets; bitcoin;	Specifically, this order categorizes bitcoin and other digital assets as Securities, and they will now come under the purview of the country’s Securities Commission Malaysia (SC), says the report.
digital asset; exchanges;	According to the notice released on Monday, Malaysia’s Securities Watchdog will have complete power to regulate cryptocurrency exchanges and other digital asset offerings.
activities; unauthorized ICOs;	Malaysia’s Minister of Finance, Lim Guan Eng, made it clear that any person indulging in launching unauthorized ICOs and other activities shall be subjected to stringent punishments.
negative factors; fraud;	Min Byung-doo, a Democratic Party lawmaker said: We are looking at ways to open up the road to ICO[s] while strictly prohibiting negative factors such as fraud, speculation and money laundering.”
negative factors; speculation;	Min Byung-doo, a Democratic Party lawmaker said: We are looking at ways to open up the road to ICO[s] while strictly prohibiting negative factors such as fraud, speculation and money laundering.”
negative factors; money;	Min Byung-doo, a Democratic Party lawmaker said: We are looking at ways to open up the road to ICO[s] while strictly prohibiting negative factors such as fraud, speculation and money laundering.”
exchanges; Coinbase;	Other US-based crypto exchanges including Coinbase and Poloniex also offer OTC trading services.
exchanges; Poloniex;	Other US-based crypto exchanges including Coinbase and Poloniex also offer OTC trading services.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The OTC desks have been shown to handle billions worth of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies on an annual basis.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
cases; in-app exchange;	Totle supports many use cases including in-app exchange in wallets; payments and transactions for business; arbitrage exploitation by hedge funds and trading platforms; and rebalancing for portfolio managers.”
—; native wallet;	According to the startup, the fresh capital injection will be used accelerate the growth of its B2B operations and expand components of its offering — including native wallet integrations and swap widgets.
cryptocurrency; Bitcoin;	Earlier today, the tax agency released an official statement on their website stating that they have been authorized by the Tax council to collect information pertaining to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency traders from three Danish cryptocurrency exchanges, with the timeframe outlined to be from 2016 to 2018.
unnamed exchanges; trader;	This authorization allows SKAT to obtain identifying information from the three unnamed exchanges, including trader names, addresses, and tax information.
identification information; names;	They will be obliged to include identification information such as names, addresses, and CPR numbers, the personal ID numbers issued by the Danish Civil Registration System.
identification information; addresses;	They will be obliged to include identification information such as names, addresses, and CPR numbers, the personal ID numbers issued by the Danish Civil Registration System.
information; names;	The exchanges will now be compelled to hand over such information as names, addresses, and personal ID numbers for anyone who traded on the exchanges between January 1st, 2016 and December 31st, 2018.
information; addresses;	The exchanges will now be compelled to hand over such information as names, addresses, and personal ID numbers for anyone who traded on the exchanges between January 1st, 2016 and December 31st, 2018.
enthusiasts; community;	As expected, the Danish cryptocurrency community and other enthusiasts haven’t taken the news that well as they firmly defend the pseudo-anonymous nature of cryptocurrencies, and will probably start avoiding the countries cryptocurrency exchanges.
services; Coinfirm;	The platform is said to implement Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) procedures and verify all transactions with blockchain intelligence services such as Coinfirm, Elliptic and Chainalysis.
services; Elliptic;	The platform is said to implement Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) procedures and verify all transactions with blockchain intelligence services such as Coinfirm, Elliptic and Chainalysis.
services; Chainalysis;	The platform is said to implement Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Know Your Customer (KYC) procedures and verify all transactions with blockchain intelligence services such as Coinfirm, Elliptic and Chainalysis.
large team; Canterbury;	“Police are not yet in a position to say how much cryptocurrency is involved, other than it is a significant amount,” the investigative force stated.“A large team, including Canterbury CIB and specialist staff from the police High Tech Crime Unit, have been assigned to the case.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
crypto-related activities; trading;	Bulgaria has not yet adopted a dedicated legislation on the taxation of income from crypto-related activities such as trading and mining.
crypto-related activities; mining;	Bulgaria has not yet adopted a dedicated legislation on the taxation of income from crypto-related activities such as trading and mining.
crypto-related taxations; mining;	Unlike a few other nations, Bulgaria has not yet adopted legislation on crypto-related taxations such as mining and trading.
crypto-related taxations; trading;	Unlike a few other nations, Bulgaria has not yet adopted legislation on crypto-related taxations such as mining and trading.
major crypto; Bitcoin;	The public blockchain network utilized by Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other major crypto assets allow anyone on the network to track transactions and wallets.
major crypto; Ethereum;	The public blockchain network utilized by Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other major crypto assets allow anyone on the network to track transactions and wallets.
top cryptocurrencies; ];	Last week, the whole market plunged in a short span, with Bitcoin [BTC] and other top cryptocurrencies plunging by double digits.
various indicators; the RSI;	This Bullish momentum was signaled by various indicators including the RSI and both Moving averages.
various indicators; both Moving;	This Bullish momentum was signaled by various indicators including the RSI and both Moving averages.
sector; cost;	Iberdrola says it has been able to find out that DLT has significant advantages in the energy sector including cost efficiency, prioritization of energy distribution and more.
industry; exploration;	Established in 1987, Repsol is a leading energy company that operates in the oil and gas industry, including exploration, development, and production of crude oil and natural gas.
industry; development;	Established in 1987, Repsol is a leading energy company that operates in the oil and gas industry, including exploration, development, and production of crude oil and natural gas.
operations; compliance;	“Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.”
operations; treasury;	“Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.”
operations; compliance;	“Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team”.
operations; treasury;	“Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team”.
partners; Microsoft;	Bakkt recently raised its first round of funding of $183 Million from 12 partners including Microsoft Ventures, Pantera Capital, Boston Consulting group, M12, Hong Kong Billionaire Li-Ka Shing led Horizons Ventures and others.
global exchanges; the NYSE;	Bakkt was first announced in August 2018 by the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), which operates 23 leading global exchanges, including the NYSE.
operations; compliance;	Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.
operations; treasury;	Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.
operations; compliance;	Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.
operations; treasury;	Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.
”; certain facets;	The nitty gritty of the deal weren’t divulged, but Loeffler told Fortune in an interview that Bakkt saw an opportunity to “purchase a portion of the back office operations,” especially certain facets of the compliance, risk management, treasury service departments.
investors; Boston;	Per previous reports from Ethereum World News, in early-January, Bakkt divulged it had seen 12 partners and investors, including Boston Consulting Group, Mike Novogratz‘s Galaxy Digital, ICE, Microsoft’s venture arm, and San Francisco-based Pantera Capital, siphon over $182.5 million into Bakkt’s beefy wallet.
regulatory requirements; anti-money laundering;	Moreover, it is believed that the acquirement of assets at RCG will contribute to Bakkt’s regulatory requirements, including anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) policies.
twelve investors; ICE;	As BTCManager reported on January 2, Bakkt managed to raise $182.5 million from twelve investors, including ICE, Microsoft, BCG, Pantera Capital, and Galaxy Digital, during its first funding round.
twelve investors; Microsoft;	As BTCManager reported on January 2, Bakkt managed to raise $182.5 million from twelve investors, including ICE, Microsoft, BCG, Pantera Capital, and Galaxy Digital, during its first funding round.
twelve investors; BCG;	As BTCManager reported on January 2, Bakkt managed to raise $182.5 million from twelve investors, including ICE, Microsoft, BCG, Pantera Capital, and Galaxy Digital, during its first funding round.
twelve investors; Pantera;	As BTCManager reported on January 2, Bakkt managed to raise $182.5 million from twelve investors, including ICE, Microsoft, BCG, Pantera Capital, and Galaxy Digital, during its first funding round.
institutions; investors;	Rosenthal Collins is a firm that specializes in managing commodities accounts for investors and other institutions.
operations; compliance;	“Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.”
operations; treasury;	“Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to a purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.”
operations; compliance;	Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.
operations; treasury;	Typically when companies are combined you have overlapping systems, so we saw an opportunity to purchase a portion of the back office operations, including compliance and treasury services, and risk management, as well as adding members of the RCG team.
the barriers; the former accumulation;	The bearish pressure increased and the barriers such as the former accumulation territories of $0.027, $0.025, $0.023 were broke down and that led the coin to found its support at $0.021 accumulation territory.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Securities Commission Malaysia (SC), the country’s top financial watchdog, has announced that it would categorize cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin as securities.
regions; America;	Under the agreement, Davinci Foundation expects TOWB Music to become an outpost to expanding Davinci’s ecosystem into America, Europe and other regions using their services and marketing resources.
regions; Europe;	Under the agreement, Davinci Foundation expects TOWB Music to become an outpost to expanding Davinci’s ecosystem into America, Europe and other regions using their services and marketing resources.
behavioral issues; depression;	The US and Scotland police collaborated in the capture of Mitchell, who has a history of depression and other behavioral issues.
questions; verifications;	Until that time, the firm reportedly notes that there are only a few employees remaining at Giga Watt to date who can assist customers in their account withdrawals, know your customer (KYC) verifications, and other questions.
restricted parts; Canada;	It looks like the future for the exchange doesn’t involve the US markets, vast parts of Canada and other restricted parts of the crypto-sphere.
exchange; the ones;	He also advises people not to leave too much crypto in ANY exchange especially the ones which are not regulated.
factors; the cryptocurrency;	The exchange also refuted the correlation between an alleged uptick in U.S. account closures and trading volumes, attributing this decline to a number of factors, including the cryptocurrency market slump, decreased price volatility and an exchange-wide decline in trading volumes.
agencies; New;	Cryptopia further mentioned in its tweet that it has notified and involved the relevant government agencies, including New Zealand police and high-tech crimes unit, who are “jointly and actively investigating the matter as a major crime and they are assisting us with advice.”
the local authorities; the New;	The team has already taken the matter up with the local authorities, including the New Zealand police and High Tech Crimes Unit.
authorities; the New;	According to today’s tweet, the exchange has notified government agencies and authorities, including the New Zealand Police and High Tech Crimes Unit, who have reportedly opened an investigation into the matter and are allegedly treating the incident as a major crime.
anonymous currencies; Monero;	It is likely to assume any stolen money has already been cashed out or converted to more anonymous currencies such as Monero.
the hack; the stolen;	The details about the hack, including the stolen amount, remain unknown for the moment, although there are indications that the theft includes nearly $2.5 million of Ethereum coins.
Agencies; the NZ;	Staff then notified and involved the appropriate Government Agencies, including the NZ police and High Tech Crimes Unit who are jointly and actively investigating the mater as a major crime and they are assisting us with advice.”
Agencies; the NZ;	Staff then notified and involved appropriate Government Agencies, including the NZ Police and High Tech Crimes Unit who are jointly and actively investigating the matter as a major crime and they are assisting us with advice.
related issues; chain;	During the rest of the year, the team is set to work on related issues such as chain monitoring and analysis tooling in the wake of the 51 percent attack on ETC that took place this January.
Large organizations; IOHK;	Large organizations such as IOHK still appear to be interested in supporting the growth of Ethereum Classic, which could potentially help improve its underlying technology and also encourage more users to build ETC-based dApps.
Agencies; NZ;	“Staff then notified and involved the appropriate Government Agencies, including NZ Police and High Tech Crimes Unit who are jointly and actively investigating the matter as a major crime and they are assisting us with advice.”
Christchurch; specialist police staff;	A dedicated investigation team is being established in Christchurch including specialist police staff with expertise in this area.
executives; Officers;	Officers, directors and other executives cannot trade on such information, and companies should have policies and procedures in place to guard against them doing so and also to help ensure the company makes timely disclosure of such information.”
executives; directors;	Officers, directors and other executives cannot trade on such information, and companies should have policies and procedures in place to guard against them doing so and also to help ensure the company makes timely disclosure of such information.”
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
digital currencies; Litecoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	ErisX promises to enable investors to trade such digital currencies as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum on spot and futures markets starting from next year, subject to regulatory approval.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	TRX will also be tradable with other cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Cardano, Lumens, ZCash, 0x and several others.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	TRX will also be tradable with other cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Cardano, Lumens, ZCash, 0x and several others.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	TRX will also be tradable with other cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Cardano, Lumens, ZCash, 0x and several others.
cryptocurrencies; Cardano;	TRX will also be tradable with other cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Cardano, Lumens, ZCash, 0x and several others.
cryptocurrencies; Lumens;	TRX will also be tradable with other cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Cardano, Lumens, ZCash, 0x and several others.
cryptocurrencies; ZCash;	TRX will also be tradable with other cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Cardano, Lumens, ZCash, 0x and several others.
publications; cryptocurrency;	In the past week or so, a number of publications, including cryptocurrency websites, but also “reputable” mainstream outlets, have given stage to a “Kremlin economist” with a bold prediction – Russia will invest billions in bitcoin to tackle U.S. sanctions, possibly triggering a new bull run as early as next month.
outlets; Fortune;	A number of other crypto and mainstream media outlets, including Fortune, have quoted Micky’s report.
financial institutions; providers;	SVP of product Asheesh Birla at Ripple told CNBC that banks around the world were not the first adopters of xRapid, but payment providers and other financial institutions are moving forward with the product.
renowned developers; Taylor;	The situation has prompted renowned developers such as Taylor Gerring to comment.
pairs; USD;	 According to the recent announcement, TRON trading will go live on January 17, with initial trading pairs including USD, BTC and ETH.
pairs; BTC;	 According to the recent announcement, TRON trading will go live on January 17, with initial trading pairs including USD, BTC and ETH.
pairs; ETH;	 According to the recent announcement, TRON trading will go live on January 17, with initial trading pairs including USD, BTC and ETH.
middlemen; the Apple;	This reduces the need for middlemen such as the Apple App Store and Google Play store for content creators and users.
many exchanges; Coingate;	This has led to the coin to be listed by many exchanges including Coingate.
cities; New;	There are also several retailers that could sell this phone as well in other cities such as New York.
accessories; dongles;	Clients will also be able to purchase Sirin Lab’s accessories such as dongles and cables.
accessories; cables;	Clients will also be able to purchase Sirin Lab’s accessories such as dongles and cables.
clothes; hoodies;	Additionally, branded clothes such as hoodies and hats can be purchased in this shop as well.
clothes; hats;	Additionally, branded clothes such as hoodies and hats can be purchased in this shop as well.
crypto; BTC;	As cryptocurrency investors suffered massive losses as BTC and other crypto fell by 80-90% in 2018, they should be liquidating assets to lock in realized losses that can be claimed on taxes.
traditional partnership; activations;	The three-year partnership will educate Clippers fans about the benefits of blockchain technology through “Blockchain 101” activations, events and other traditional partnership elements.
traditional partnership; events;	The three-year partnership will educate Clippers fans about the benefits of blockchain technology through “Blockchain 101” activations, events and other traditional partnership elements.
important people; Ethereum;	This discovery led to Ethereum's core developers, as well as some other important people such as Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin, meeting virtually and agreeing to delay the hard fork while they studied this issue, with a further meeting scheduled for this Friday to decide on a new fork date.
node; miners;	The only network participants that need to take action are miners, exchanges and other node operators.
node; exchanges;	The only network participants that need to take action are miners, exchanges and other node operators.
clients; Go-Ethereum;	Major ethereum clients, including Go-Ethereum (Geth) and Parity, have released software updates following an earlier decision to delay the planned system-wide upgrade dubbed Constantinople.
groups; pools;	As of press time, developers are contacting exchanges, wallets, mining pools and other groups which use or interact with the ethereum network.
key members; operators;	The decision to push the hard fork forward was jointly taken by Ethereum stakeholders, security researchers, Ethereum client developer, smart contract owners and developers, wallet providers, dApp developers, Node operators and other key members of the community.
community; professionals;	“[SECURITY ALERT] #Constantinople upgrade is temporarily postponed out of caution following a consensus decision by #Ethereum developers, security professionals and other community members.
community; professionals;	[SECURITY ALERT] #Constantinople upgrade is temporarily postponed out of caution following a consensus decision by #Ethereum developers, security professionals and other community members.
community; professionals;	[SECURITY ALERT] #Constantinople upgrade is temporarily postponed out of caution following a consensus decision by #Ethereum developers, security professionals and other community members.
chain; things;	Smart contract auditing firm ChainSecurity discovered the flaw in Ethereum Improvement (EIP) 1283 that would let attackers steal funds from users and make it “cheaper to do certain things on chain, especially things that are currently ‘excessively’ expensive.”
community; professionals;	[SECURITY ALERT] #Constantinople upgrade is temporarily postponed out of caution following a consensus decision by #Ethereum developers, security professionals and other community members.
A large team; Canterbury;	A large team, including Canterbury CIB and specialist staff from the police High Tech Crime Unit, have been assigned to the case.”
“; specialist police staff;	As mentioned in the incident report, New Zealand’s police is “currently talking to the company to gain a further understanding of what has occurred.” A “dedicated investigation team” will be formed in Christchurch “including specialist police staff with expertise in this area”, local authorities stated.
locations; Zealand;	At present, police are also “liaising with relevant partner agencies” based in New Zealand and other locations where Cryptopia’s services are offered.
A large team; Canterbury;	A large team, including Canterbury CIB and specialist staff from the police High Tech Crime Unit, have been assigned to the case.
offices; members;	Authorities acknowledge the company’s full coordination in the matter, putting to rest any rumors of an internal hack or “exit scam.” A large team is said to be deployed at the exchange’s offices, including members from the Canterbury CIB and New Zealand’s dedicated cyber crime task force, the High Tech Crime Unit.
authorities; the New;	The exchange has also reportedly notified government agencies and authorities, including the New Zealand Police and High Tech Crimes Unit, who have opened an investigation into the matter and are reportedly treating the incident as a major crime.
team; “ specialist police;	Further, the authorities are reportedly establishing a dedicated investigation team, including “specialist police staff with expertise in this area."
A large team; Canterbury;	A large team, including Canterbury CIB and specialist staff from the police High Tech Crime Unit, have been assigned to the case.”
tokens; Dentacoin;	If true, the criminals have stolen an abundance of ERC-20 tokens, including Dentacoin, Metal, Ormeus Coin, PowerLedger, Revain, Zap Token, TrueUSD, Centrality, InvestFeed, PILLAR, Golem, Jetcoin, Fabric Token, DALECOIN, Soniq, VOISE, SpankChain, Mothership and Oyster Pearl, among others.
tokens; Metal;	If true, the criminals have stolen an abundance of ERC-20 tokens, including Dentacoin, Metal, Ormeus Coin, PowerLedger, Revain, Zap Token, TrueUSD, Centrality, InvestFeed, PILLAR, Golem, Jetcoin, Fabric Token, DALECOIN, Soniq, VOISE, SpankChain, Mothership and Oyster Pearl, among others.
tokens; Ormeus;	If true, the criminals have stolen an abundance of ERC-20 tokens, including Dentacoin, Metal, Ormeus Coin, PowerLedger, Revain, Zap Token, TrueUSD, Centrality, InvestFeed, PILLAR, Golem, Jetcoin, Fabric Token, DALECOIN, Soniq, VOISE, SpankChain, Mothership and Oyster Pearl, among others.
—; rumors;	Despite an onslaught of negative news and endemic lack of clarity — including rumors the government has mulled the outright criminalization of crypto in the country — reports in late December suggested the tide could yet turn to affirm the sector’s legality.
materials; tantalum;	The solution can also be extended beyond cobalt, since tantalum, tin, tungsten, gold, and other materials can be tracked in the same way.
materials; tin;	The solution can also be extended beyond cobalt, since tantalum, tin, tungsten, gold, and other materials can be tracked in the same way.
materials; tungsten;	The solution can also be extended beyond cobalt, since tantalum, tin, tungsten, gold, and other materials can be tracked in the same way.
materials; gold;	The solution can also be extended beyond cobalt, since tantalum, tin, tungsten, gold, and other materials can be tracked in the same way.
poor countries; the DRC;	The move comes at a time when other primary production industries are also exploring blockchain technology as a potential solution for effective supply chain tracking to ensure that minerals sourced from conflict zones or using child labor in poor countries such as the DRC do not enter the global market.
companies; ING;	EDCCs (better known as smart contracts) will be used by companies such as ING Bank and Wheaton Precious Metals for "trade finance, streaming and royalty contracts."
profound challenges; human rights;	The small-scale mining operations in cobalt, copper and 3TG that dot the vast country and sustain the livelihoods of approximately two million people, are often beset with profound challenges including human rights violations, as well as conflict-financing (in the case of 3TG in isolated parts of the country).
companies; Ford;	A quartet of companies, including Ford and IBM, believes blockchain is a solution to ensure ethically sourced cobalt from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
companies; IBM;	A quartet of companies, including Ford and IBM, believes blockchain is a solution to ensure ethically sourced cobalt from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
different functions; compliance;	Binance Jersey is “hiring and will continue to hire” staff for different functions, including compliance, Wei said.
different functions; Wei;	Binance Jersey is “hiring and will continue to hire” staff for different functions, including compliance, Wei said.
fiat currencies; GBP;	The platform called Binance Jersey will allow users to exchange cryptocurrencies against other fiat currencies including GBP and EUR.
fiat currencies; EUR;	The platform called Binance Jersey will allow users to exchange cryptocurrencies against other fiat currencies including GBP and EUR.
different jurisdictions; Bahamas;	To remain competitive and growing, Changpeng Zhao, Binance founder and the company have been working in different jurisdictions such as Bahamas, Malta and Jersey.
different jurisdictions; Malta;	To remain competitive and growing, Changpeng Zhao, Binance founder and the company have been working in different jurisdictions such as Bahamas, Malta and Jersey.
different jurisdictions; Jersey;	To remain competitive and growing, Changpeng Zhao, Binance founder and the company have been working in different jurisdictions such as Bahamas, Malta and Jersey.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
territories; Bermuda;	Jersey, located between England and France, is a crown dependency, meaning it is not part of the United Kingdom or its territories such as Bermuda and the British Virgin Islands.
territories; the British Virgin;	Jersey, located between England and France, is a crown dependency, meaning it is not part of the United Kingdom or its territories such as Bermuda and the British Virgin Islands.
initiatives; training;	In it, the company agreed to set up a compliant exchange and work with the agency to "deliver training and other initiatives to support the growing blockchain ecosystem in Jersey."
cryptocurrency; ICOs;	Jersey is also following Malta’s path in Europe, getting ahead of its larger neighbors by establishing itself as a hotspot for ICOs and other cryptocurrency ventures.
companies; Brave;	Several blockchain companies, including Brave, have arisen to try and solve the problem.
anyone; Brave;	leaked to anyone, including Brave.
companies; BP;	The company behind the VAKT platform was launched in 2017 by a group of energy companies including BP, Equinor, Gunvor Group, Koch Supply and Trading, Mercuria Energy Group, and Royal Dutch Shell, and its existing shareholders include leading European banks ABN Amro, ING, and Societe Generale.
companies; Equinor;	The company behind the VAKT platform was launched in 2017 by a group of energy companies including BP, Equinor, Gunvor Group, Koch Supply and Trading, Mercuria Energy Group, and Royal Dutch Shell, and its existing shareholders include leading European banks ABN Amro, ING, and Societe Generale.
companies; Gunvor;	The company behind the VAKT platform was launched in 2017 by a group of energy companies including BP, Equinor, Gunvor Group, Koch Supply and Trading, Mercuria Energy Group, and Royal Dutch Shell, and its existing shareholders include leading European banks ABN Amro, ING, and Societe Generale.
exchanges; Kraken;	Kraken CEO Jesse Powell has tweeted following the recent hack on New Zealand based cryptocurrency exchange Cryptopia, stating that traders should move their coins off exchanges, including Kraken and look to store their coins on hardware wallets rather.
certain markets; South;	In light of recent hacking attacks on cryptocurrency exchanges, certain markets including South Korea have requested trading platforms to obtain insurance to protect investors and their capital.
Christchurch; specialist police staff;	A dedicated investigation team is being established in Christchurch including specialist police staff with expertise in this area.
common financial instruments; equities;	The Belarus-based platform is intended to enable investors to trade and invest in common financial instruments such as equities, commodities, and indices directly, without having to convert their cryptocurrencies in fiat.
common financial instruments; commodities;	The Belarus-based platform is intended to enable investors to trade and invest in common financial instruments such as equities, commodities, and indices directly, without having to convert their cryptocurrencies in fiat.
certain conventional assets; Apple;	Users will be able to purchase tokens, which mirror the performance of certain conventional assets such as Apple shares listed on NASDAQ.
services; Elliptic;	Apart from being compliant with local legislation, the platform imposes strict KYC and AML requirements aided by blockchain intelligence services such as Elliptic, Chainanalysis, and Coinfirm.
services; Chainanalysis;	Apart from being compliant with local legislation, the platform imposes strict KYC and AML requirements aided by blockchain intelligence services such as Elliptic, Chainanalysis, and Coinfirm.
traditional assets; shares;	Belarus has launched a trading platform that enables customers to buy tokenized versions of shares, gold and other traditional assets, Reuters reported Jan. 15.
traditional assets; gold;	Belarus has launched a trading platform that enables customers to buy tokenized versions of shares, gold and other traditional assets, Reuters reported Jan. 15.
traditional assets; shares;	The platform will allow traders to buy shares, precious metals, foreign exchange and other traditional assets from Belarus, as well as from other countries, with cryptocurrencies.
traditional assets; precious metals;	The platform will allow traders to buy shares, precious metals, foreign exchange and other traditional assets from Belarus, as well as from other countries, with cryptocurrencies.
traditional assets; foreign exchange;	The platform will allow traders to buy shares, precious metals, foreign exchange and other traditional assets from Belarus, as well as from other countries, with cryptocurrencies.
various major companies; Google;	It reportedly allows cryptocurrency users to purchase tokens that are backed by stocks of various major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
various major companies; Facebook;	It reportedly allows cryptocurrency users to purchase tokens that are backed by stocks of various major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
various major companies; Amazon;	It reportedly allows cryptocurrency users to purchase tokens that are backed by stocks of various major companies, including Google, Facebook and Amazon.
the actual security; an Apple;	The tokenized securities will mirror the performance of the actual security such as an Apple Share and will include the same costs and benefits that the underlying security provides.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	VP Capital and Larnabel Ventures, two information technology-focused venture firms in crypto-friendly Belarus have launched a platform that makes it possible for users to buy tokenized traditional assets such as gold, oil, shares of companies and more, using bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, reported Reuters on January 15, 2019.
digital assets; bitcoin;	Cryptocurrency investors in Belarus can now invest in traditional assets like shares of global firms, precious metals, foreign exchange and more using bitcoin and other digital assets.
traditional financial instruments; shares;	Per sources close to the development, the platform issued 150 types of tokens that directly track the value of 150 traditional financial instruments, including shares of highly reputed firms like Apple Inc., as well as gold, oil and several other precious metals, and users of the system can seamlessly invest in these assets.
unlawful practices; laundering;	As part of measures to eliminate money laundering and other unlawful practices, users are required to undergo proper know-your-customer (KYC) procedures.
traditional assets; shares;	The exchange allows traders to use cryptocurrency to purchase tokenized versions of shares and other traditional assets.
Nasdaq-listed companies; Apple;	Like Currency.com, the Estonia- and Israel-based tokenized exchange offers tokenized shares of 10 Nasdaq-listed companies, including Apple, Facebook, and Tesla.
Nasdaq-listed companies; Facebook;	Like Currency.com, the Estonia- and Israel-based tokenized exchange offers tokenized shares of 10 Nasdaq-listed companies, including Apple, Facebook, and Tesla.
traditional financial assets; gold;	Eastern European nation Belarus has launched a new platform that lets users purchase tokenized versions of traditional financial assets such as gold and stocks.
traditional financial assets; stocks;	Eastern European nation Belarus has launched a new platform that lets users purchase tokenized versions of traditional financial assets such as gold and stocks.
the platform; shares;	Currently, there are 150 types of tokens on the platform, including shares in Apple, and oil.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	On Tuesday, Medvedev stressed the importance of carefully monitoring the situation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, citing their volatility as a cause for concern but stating that the technology had its benefits and should not be cast aside.
Others; Mac;	Others such as Mac OS and email platform Outlook, on the other hand, behave differently when the link is accessed.
different projects; Dentacoin;	The tokens came from a vast array of different projects including Dentacoin, Spank, Ethereum Dark, TenX Pay, Bytom, Golem and many more.
different projects; Spank;	The tokens came from a vast array of different projects including Dentacoin, Spank, Ethereum Dark, TenX Pay, Bytom, Golem and many more.
different projects; Ethereum;	The tokens came from a vast array of different projects including Dentacoin, Spank, Ethereum Dark, TenX Pay, Bytom, Golem and many more.
exchanges; Binance;	A large amount of Ethereum and ERC-20 tokens have been transferred, over the last hours, from Cryptopia to wallets linked with several cryptocurrency exchanges, including Binance.
tokens; DNC;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; MTL;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; MGO;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; KNC;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; OMG;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; ENJ;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; CENNZ;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; TrueUSD;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
tokens; others;	According to Twitter user @ShaftedTangu, the hacker moved vast amounts of ETH and other tokens such as DNC, MTL, MGO, KNC, OMG, ENJ, CENNZ, TrueUSD and others, from Cryptopia-related wallets and then consolidated them into one account.
exchanges; Binance;	Now, a Twitterati who goes by the username, ShaftedTangu stated on the social media platform that the stolen funds are now being transferred to various cryptocurrency exchanges including Binance, a leading cryptocurrency exchange platform around the globe.
coin; Dentacoin;	Interestingly, the wallet address [0x9007a0421145b06a0345d55a8c0f0327f62a2224] mentioned by the Twitterati pictures a transaction of various ERC 20 tokens including coin such as Dentacoin, Kyber Network, Enjin Coin, and TrueUSD.
coin; Kyber;	Interestingly, the wallet address [0x9007a0421145b06a0345d55a8c0f0327f62a2224] mentioned by the Twitterati pictures a transaction of various ERC 20 tokens including coin such as Dentacoin, Kyber Network, Enjin Coin, and TrueUSD.
coins; BSV;	Hopefully BSV and other coins can turn this around soon.
exchanges; Binance;	Still, it’s unclear who was behind the hack that resulted in the redistribution of the stolen funds through Binance and other exchanges.
exchanges; Binance;	Funds that were allegedly stolen from Cryptopia were consolidated and redistributed to Binance and other exchanges.
A large team; Canterbury;	A large team, including Canterbury CIB and specialist staff from the police High Tech Crime Unit, have been assigned to the case.
certain currencies; Monero;	One of the benefits of certain currencies such as Monero is that they are largely untraceable and this ensures some amount of privacy for those who make use of them for transactions.
illegal activities; the recent kidnapping;	On the downside, should cryptocurrencies like Monero be utilized for illegal activities such as the recent kidnapping of a Billionaire’s wife, it is near-impossible to track it and damaging for the image of the industry.
traceable currencies; the ones;	In the case of traceable currencies such as the ones stolen, there are few places for hackers to hide.
outstanding performance; the use;	Yesterday, Mercury-fx applauded Ripple’s XRP outstanding performance especially the use of xRapid to achieve cross-border remittance without havoc.
universities; the Massachusetts;	DTR includes researchers from seven major U.S. universities, including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Stanford University and the University of California, Berkeley, as Bloomberg reports.
fundamentals; the GAS;	Users can also trade on Ethereum hedging products which provide options for fundamentals such as the GAS price and current network hashrate.
criminal activities; money;	Moreover, they go on to reiterate the ease with which Bitcoin can assist in criminal activities such as money laundering.
instrument; a guidance;	The regulatory authorities will specify the way forward through a policy instrument such as a guidance note or position paper aimed for the first quarter of 2019.
pieces; amounts;	Sarb seeks to accomplish this seemingly insurmountable task by de-anonymizing BTC transactions, ensuring that exchanges, wallets, and projects of similar caliber actively track transactional data, namely who sent X, who received X, transaction amounts, and other pieces of pertinent data.
unusual transactions; all cash;	This means that the companies will have to conduct ongoing monitoring of their clients, keep records of their activities and file reports on suspicious and unusual transactions, including all cash transactions of 25,000 South African rand (around $1,900) and above.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
wallets; wallet;	The Copay wallet, BitPay wallet, and other wallets using BitPay’s Bitcore Wallet Service (BWS) have sent billions of dollars in value in Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash in 2018.
wallets; wallet;	The Copay wallet, Bitpay wallet, and other wallets using the company’s Bitcore Wallet Service (BWS) have reportedly sent billions of dollars in value in BCH and BTC in 2018.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
new customers; Dish Networks;	 According to a recent announcement, BitPay processed over $1 billion in payments in 2018, setting a new record for transaction fees thanks to the addition of new customers including Dish Networks, HackerOne and the state of Ohio.
new customers; HackerOne;	 According to a recent announcement, BitPay processed over $1 billion in payments in 2018, setting a new record for transaction fees thanks to the addition of new customers including Dish Networks, HackerOne and the state of Ohio.
new customers; the state;	 According to a recent announcement, BitPay processed over $1 billion in payments in 2018, setting a new record for transaction fees thanks to the addition of new customers including Dish Networks, HackerOne and the state of Ohio.
notable firms; Menlo;	BitPay also closed its $70 million Series B fundraising round in 2018, which brought investments from notable firms including Menlo Ventures, Capital Nine, G Squared and Nimble Ventures.
systems; Mac;	Beam has a more professional stance in regards to the cryptocurrency’s use-cases; the team has built a simple wallet interface that is aimed at being user-friendly, with implementations for different operating systems, including Mac, Windows, and Linux.
systems; Windows;	Beam has a more professional stance in regards to the cryptocurrency’s use-cases; the team has built a simple wallet interface that is aimed at being user-friendly, with implementations for different operating systems, including Mac, Windows, and Linux.
formats; broadcasting;	Reportedly, Blockstream has made it clear that its Satellite API is “data agnostic,” providing developers with a user-friendly “RESTful” API that supports a vast array message formats including broadcasting secure messaging, global podcasts and others.
features; encryption;	While the Blockstream Satellite comes with several intricate privacy features including encryption, out-of-band data sending, and Lightning payments, the firm has stated explicitly that developers using the system must endeavor to take care of their encryption, fragmentation, and reassembly of large messages to suit the requirement of each application.
features; out-of-band data;	While the Blockstream Satellite comes with several intricate privacy features including encryption, out-of-band data sending, and Lightning payments, the firm has stated explicitly that developers using the system must endeavor to take care of their encryption, fragmentation, and reassembly of large messages to suit the requirement of each application.
nations; Malaysia;	While neighboring nations such as Malaysia are still undecided on whether or not to make crypto legal, other countries on the sub-continent such as Thailand, Singapore, and Hong Kong are constantly evolving in terms of regulatory framework and leading the sector from the front of the pack.
Thailand; the Bitkub;	However, some companies that already deal in crypto in Thailand believe that the SET still lacks experience when compared to other already-established crypto exchanges in Thailand such as the Bitkub Exchange and the BXB Exchange.
details; the back-office;	The Bangkok Post elaborated that the bourse aims to “open a new exchange and become an authorised digital asset exchange this year,” adding that details such as the back-office system and which wallet to use for token storage are being worked out.
exchanges; Bitkub;	The Finance ministry recently approved licenses for 4 Crypto exchanges including Bitkub.
digital asset; ICOs;	The Securities and Exchange Commission is responsible for regulating ICOs and other digital asset businesses that include digital exchanges, dealers, and brokers that execute digital asset transactions.
third-party exchanges; Binance;	While Cryptopia has not released the specifics of the hack due to an ongoing police investigation, transaction analysis showed that many of the stolen funds made their way off Cryptopia to numerous external wallets and third-party exchanges, including Binance, the world’s leading crypto exchange.
third-party exchanges; the world;	While Cryptopia has not released the specifics of the hack due to an ongoing police investigation, transaction analysis showed that many of the stolen funds made their way off Cryptopia to numerous external wallets and third-party exchanges, including Binance, the world’s leading crypto exchange.
issues; slavery;	“Through OpenSC, we will have a whole new level of transparency about whether the food we eat is contributing to environmental degradation of habitats and species, as well as social injustice and human rights issues such as slavery.”
ramps; this new exchange;	On ramps and off ramps such as this new exchange are a vital way to encourage new investors and further usability; leaving the market open to adoption from a less niche demographic.
the globe; North;	The Jersey-based exchange opened for trading in 58 jurisdictions across the globe, including North America, South America, Europe, Africa and Asia, but not including the US.
the big players; Binance;	The crypto bear market has not deterred the big players such as Binance from continually expanding.
individuals; investors;	The cryptocurrency market’s roller-coaster movement has caught the eye of a lot of individuals, including investors and popular proponents in the space.
individuals; popular proponents;	The cryptocurrency market’s roller-coaster movement has caught the eye of a lot of individuals, including investors and popular proponents in the space.
the globe; finance;	At a time when blockchain technology is changing the face of a vast array of industries across the globe, including finance, supply chain, and more, UPS has reportedly pumped funds into Inxeption to enhance its e-commerce platform.
the globe; supply;	At a time when blockchain technology is changing the face of a vast array of industries across the globe, including finance, supply chain, and more, UPS has reportedly pumped funds into Inxeption to enhance its e-commerce platform.
sensitive information; data;	“Businesses need secure platforms that protect their customer data and other sensitive information, while also making it easy for them to interact and even collaborate more efficiently with their customers’.”
topics; the semantics;	John Carvalho and Roger Ver have locked horns before in a now infamous interview when the former pushed the latter on a number of topics including the semantics of the name Bitcoin Cash to the BCH vs BTC peer-to-peer cash system.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Grayscale already offers single-asset trusts for a number of other cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ethereum, ethereum classic, zen, litecoin, XRP and zcash.
colleges; MIT;	Professors from seven US colleges, including MIT, Stanford University and Berkeley, are working on creating a cryptocurrency that should become better than Bitcoin, Bloomberg reports.
colleges; Stanford;	Professors from seven US colleges, including MIT, Stanford University and Berkeley, are working on creating a cryptocurrency that should become better than Bitcoin, Bloomberg reports.
–; bitcoin;	In so doing, the team hopes that Unite-e will deliver on their promise to substantially outperform any other payment network – including bitcoin – in existence in terms of transaction security and speed.
industries; telecom;	“The blockchain and digital currency markets are at an interesting crossroads, reminiscent of the inflection points reached when industries such as telecom and the internet were coming of age.
industries; the internet;	“The blockchain and digital currency markets are at an interesting crossroads, reminiscent of the inflection points reached when industries such as telecom and the internet were coming of age.
universities; the Massachusetts;	Per Bloomberg, professors from seven U.S. universities, including the Massachusetts Institue of Technology and Stanford, in collaboration with San Francisco-based Pantera Capital have joined hands to create a newfangled cryptocurrency.
features; a Distributed;	Huobi Japan’s exchange platform also reportedly uses specialized security features including a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack “countermeasures system”, and “A+ ranked” SSL certification.
virtual currencies; bitcoin;	The country does not recognize virtual currencies such as bitcoin as legal tender, but they are not banned either.
chains; Safeway;	The roll-out underway in California, Texas and Washington where Bitcoin is now available for purchase at select Coinstar kiosks located at major grocery chains such as Safeway, Albertsons and Vons.
chains; Albertsons;	The roll-out underway in California, Texas and Washington where Bitcoin is now available for purchase at select Coinstar kiosks located at major grocery chains such as Safeway, Albertsons and Vons.
chains; Vons;	The roll-out underway in California, Texas and Washington where Bitcoin is now available for purchase at select Coinstar kiosks located at major grocery chains such as Safeway, Albertsons and Vons.
major outlets; Walmart;	The company operates 20,000 fully automated, self-service coin-counting kiosks in nine countries, with more than 8,900 in the US market alone installed at major outlets, including Walmart and Kroger.
major outlets; Kroger;	The company operates 20,000 fully automated, self-service coin-counting kiosks in nine countries, with more than 8,900 in the US market alone installed at major outlets, including Walmart and Kroger.
digital assets; bitcoin;	Crypto trading startup ErisX is expanding its board of directors as it prepares to launch spot and derivatives markets for digital assets, including bitcoin and eventually ethereum.
heavyweights; Netflix;	This new streaming feature, should it be successful, could go up against streaming heavyweights such as Netflix and YouTube.
heavyweights; YouTube;	This new streaming feature, should it be successful, could go up against streaming heavyweights such as Netflix and YouTube.
equity; Newspack;	The latest project among them as we reported earlier is Newspack and other equity deals are almost complete.
funds; friends;	In a lot of our investment deals lately, we have invited a lot of our friends and other funds who we respect, and they have participated.”
major cities; San;	ICON is the only blockchain project in South Korea to run a global accelerator program through launching ICX Station locations in major cities such as San Francisco, Singapore, and Seoul.
various fields; biometric identification;	Its goal is to jointly develop enterprise-specialized blockchain solutions with 100 companies and startups in various fields including biometric identification, certification issuance, payment, etc.
various fields; certification;	Its goal is to jointly develop enterprise-specialized blockchain solutions with 100 companies and startups in various fields including biometric identification, certification issuance, payment, etc.
LAP100; Raonsecure;	On December 27th, 2018, ICON held a launch event with several members of ICON LAP100 including Raonsecure, Digitalzone, DataAlliance, Matrix2B, OWDIN Network, Charzin, TheVita, Liwonace, Cryptofuture, and TeamK.
LAP100; Digitalzone;	On December 27th, 2018, ICON held a launch event with several members of ICON LAP100 including Raonsecure, Digitalzone, DataAlliance, Matrix2B, OWDIN Network, Charzin, TheVita, Liwonace, Cryptofuture, and TeamK.
LAP100; DataAlliance;	On December 27th, 2018, ICON held a launch event with several members of ICON LAP100 including Raonsecure, Digitalzone, DataAlliance, Matrix2B, OWDIN Network, Charzin, TheVita, Liwonace, Cryptofuture, and TeamK.
LAP100; Matrix2B;	On December 27th, 2018, ICON held a launch event with several members of ICON LAP100 including Raonsecure, Digitalzone, DataAlliance, Matrix2B, OWDIN Network, Charzin, TheVita, Liwonace, Cryptofuture, and TeamK.
LAP100; OWDIN;	On December 27th, 2018, ICON held a launch event with several members of ICON LAP100 including Raonsecure, Digitalzone, DataAlliance, Matrix2B, OWDIN Network, Charzin, TheVita, Liwonace, Cryptofuture, and TeamK.
projects; a decentralized exchange;	The team also announced plans to introduce a decentralized exchange and other projects in the first half of 2019.
several partners; TeamK;	The ICON Lap100 event was held in late December 2018, with several partners including TeamK, Digitalzone, TheVita, OWDIN Network, Data Alliance, Raonsecure and more.
several partners; Digitalzone;	The ICON Lap100 event was held in late December 2018, with several partners including TeamK, Digitalzone, TheVita, OWDIN Network, Data Alliance, Raonsecure and more.
several partners; TheVita;	The ICON Lap100 event was held in late December 2018, with several partners including TeamK, Digitalzone, TheVita, OWDIN Network, Data Alliance, Raonsecure and more.
several partners; OWDIN;	The ICON Lap100 event was held in late December 2018, with several partners including TeamK, Digitalzone, TheVita, OWDIN Network, Data Alliance, Raonsecure and more.
giant US-based companies; IBM;	As CryptoGlobe reported recently, giant US-based companies including IBM and Ford are planning to develop a blockchain-powered solution to ensure that cobalt is ethically sourced from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
giant US-based companies; Ford;	As CryptoGlobe reported recently, giant US-based companies including IBM and Ford are planning to develop a blockchain-powered solution to ensure that cobalt is ethically sourced from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
valuable minerals; cobalt;	Through a partnership with tech giant IBM and automobile manufacturer, Ford, two local firms LG Chem and Huayou Cobalt have started working on a DLT-based project that will ethically source cobalt and other valuable minerals.
minerals; cobalt;	There have been reports of the use of child labor in the DRC for extracting cobalt, which has led many consumers and business owners to inquire about whether minerals such as cobalt are being sourced ethically.
subpoenas; public records;	The company has been called to address such subpoenas as public records drew suspicion following several transactions made to one of the exchange’s “Master Addresses.” While transactions can carry tainted coins, the exchange tries at its best to stay as transparent as possible and cooperate with law enforcement agencies around the world to avoid legal indictments.
government-issued currencies; dollars;	And just like U.S. dollars and other government-issued currencies, BTC has found use cases in illicit transactions.
products; ‘ Futures;	“From the market structure development, I would expect the market structure to become more robust and developed in 2019 and paying particular attention to custody, surveillance program, and developments in crypto 2.0 products such as ‘Futures contracts’ and ‘ETF'”
an event; the industry;	The official website has highlighted the need for such an event as the industry is currently going through a tough time;
crypto organizations; Ripple;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; PwC;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; Qtum;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; Vertex;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; Bloq;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; Ontology;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; R3;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; ConsenSys;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
crypto organizations; Circle;	In addition so Binance boss CZ is Yoni Assia, CEO of eToro, Da Hongfei, Founder of NEO, Tron founder Justin Sun, Anthony Pompliano, Partner of Morgan Creek Digital and representatives from a number of crypto organizations including Ripple, PwC, Qtum, Vertex, Bloq, Ontology, R3, ConsenSys, Circle, and the Ethereum Foundation.
exchanges; Bitforex;	In recent times, a number of exchanges such as Bitforex and Binance have been accused of faking a percentage of their transaction volumes, though the exchanges have adamantly denied these allegations.
exchanges; Binance;	In recent times, a number of exchanges such as Bitforex and Binance have been accused of faking a percentage of their transaction volumes, though the exchanges have adamantly denied these allegations.
the company; the Board;	According to the report, three officials of the company, including the Board Chairman and Finance Director, faked orders to the tune of over $260 billion.
a dip; the top ten;	Although at the moment cryptocurrencies are are in a dip especially the top ten, Tron will surge fast as it has always done.
a dip; Tron;	Although at the moment cryptocurrencies are are in a dip especially the top ten, Tron will surge fast as it has always done.
apps; gaming;	Kiip is a mobile ad network that rewards consumers with tangible goods for a variety of apps, including gaming and fitness.
apps; fitness;	Kiip is a mobile ad network that rewards consumers with tangible goods for a variety of apps, including gaming and fitness.
several high-profile clients; McDonald;	Kiip has several high-profile clients including McDonald’s, Coca-Cola, General Mills, BMW, Johnson & Johnson, the New York Times, Campari, Kraft, Taco Bell and Mastercard.
strategic initiatives; a joint cryptocurrency;	As stated in the WAM press release, the Executive Committee of the Saudi-Emirati Coordination Council in a meeting held in Abu Dhabi on January 19, 2019, has launched seven strategic initiatives including a joint cryptocurrency aimed at enhancing cross-border payments.
joint initiatives; a financial awareness;	The cryptocurrency is one of seven joint initiatives, including a financial awareness youth training program, initiated by the Executive Committee of the Saudi-Emirati Coordination Council held over the weekend.
spheres; Games;	Games, shopping, healthcare, and other spheres of our life have already adopted blockchain, but the music industry is something new.
spheres; shopping;	Games, shopping, healthcare, and other spheres of our life have already adopted blockchain, but the music industry is something new.
spheres; healthcare;	Games, shopping, healthcare, and other spheres of our life have already adopted blockchain, but the music industry is something new.
rightsholders; artists;	Addressing the challenges in the music industry, the platform will help artists and other rightsholders.
clients; the Ukrainian government;	It sells gear used to mine cryptocurrencies and develops blockchain technology for clients including the Ukrainian government.
companies; Macquarie;	Among the investors were such companies as Macquarie Capital, Asian financier Dentsu, European companies Armat Group and Jabre & Lian Group, and the merchant bank founded by billionaire and ex-Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partner Mike Novogratz.
Tron; TRX;	A few bold predictions have come via observers and supporters of Tron including TRX surpassing EOS and becoming the fourth largest cryptocurrency in 2019.
people; enthusiasts;	The main aim of the event was to bring together the most prominent figures in the industry, blockchain developers, crypto enthusiasts and other people interested in the emerging technology and its mass adoption.
companies; Carrefour;	Indeed, companies such as Carrefour or JD.com are already implementing the technology to control the products they sell.
companies; JD.com;	Indeed, companies such as Carrefour or JD.com are already implementing the technology to control the products they sell.
financial products; stablecoins;	On Monday (January 21st), Tanzem’s management team announced that it would be working with the SBI Group to introduce other financial products including stablecoins, digital identity solutions, and platforms for conducting tokenized asset offerings, and initial coin offerings (ICOs).
financial products; digital identity;	On Monday (January 21st), Tanzem’s management team announced that it would be working with the SBI Group to introduce other financial products including stablecoins, digital identity solutions, and platforms for conducting tokenized asset offerings, and initial coin offerings (ICOs).
features; privacy;	APL claims to have features of privacy, smart contracts and other features that make other cryptocurrencies unique but the cryptocurrency does not have even one of such features, RozzyPoffle claims.
features; smart contracts;	APL claims to have features of privacy, smart contracts and other features that make other cryptocurrencies unique but the cryptocurrency does not have even one of such features, RozzyPoffle claims.
areas; biology;	dinosaurs to developing sudden expertise in areas such as biology and cryptocurrency,
areas; cryptocurrency;	dinosaurs to developing sudden expertise in areas such as biology and cryptocurrency,
McCullah/Apollo; no real developments;	Others pointed out additional problems with McCullah/Apollo, including no real developments of updates, focusing on the project’s growing price as a reason to invest, being located in Russia away from the SEC grasp, and having an army of devoted shills who have little idea about crypto (including one slightly more knowledgeable and popular called John McAfee).
technological topics; P2P;	It is not surprising to see that the Cornell Professor is knowledgeable about OS as Sirer is famous for his brilliant contributions on technological topics such as P2P systems, computer programming, and operating systems.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	And over the years, especially as Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies ran several times, this Fear of Missing Out (FOMO) quickly influenced celebrities to make a foray into this nascent industry.
Red; Expensive ’;	‘Hashing is Expensive’ and other Red Herrings
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	The paper, however, presents this as an existential threat to cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin which makes little sense because clearly, people are using bitcoin regardless of whether doing so incurs an 8 percent cost.
potential scaling; Network;	The BIS researcher went on to touch on the Lightning Network, SegWit, and other potential scaling solutions that could fix Bitcoin’s current qualms.
potential scaling; SegWit;	The BIS researcher went on to touch on the Lightning Network, SegWit, and other potential scaling solutions that could fix Bitcoin’s current qualms.
technologies; the Lightning;	The conclusion ignores uptrends in fees, as well as the combined effect of off-chain scaling technologies such as the Lightning Network, which already permits considerable expansion Bitcoin’s transaction processing capabilities.
Second-layer solutions; the Lightning;	Second-layer solutions such as the Lightning Network might help, but the only fundamental remedy would be to depart from proof-of-work, which would probably require some form of social coordination or institutionalisation.
PoW; Ethereum;	A number of networks have already begun to look away from PoW such as Ethereum who are now looking into PoS.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	A working paper from the Bank Of International Settlements (BIS) has levelled several criticisms against proof-of-work (PoW) and affirmed that cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin which use the algorithm should depart from it.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The paper also touches on the economics of Bitcoin and PoW, whilst imploring what the future might hold for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that are based on similar consensus algorithms.
PoW-based assets; Bitcoin;	Moreover, the research indicated that the second-layer solutions for Bitcoin and other PoW-based assets like the Lightning Network or Sidechains can improve the economics of payment security but they in themselves still face scaling issues.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Due to the above-mentioned facts, the liquidity of Bitcoin and other digital assets that have forked from Bitcoin and PoW based cryptocurrencies will eventually need to migrate from PoW consensus algorithm to a more fitting and evolving consensus algorithm.
Cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The Falcon wallet currently supports four Cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Litecoin (LTC) and Ethereum (ETH).
cryptoassets; the lack;	It is clear that the government and the FCA share the committee’s concerns on cryptoassets, including the lack of regulation, minimal consumer protection and anonymity aiding money laundering … The committee will keep a close eye on these consultations and will continue to press for regulation.
accounts; the confiscation;	According to users on Twitter, banks are threatening that failure to comply could mean the closure of accounts including the confiscation of all funds.
peer; decentralized exchanges;	For users who who want to find a way around this, the article goes on to suggest using decentralized exchanges and other peer to peer methods, which are harder to detect by banks.
participants; freight;	As mentioned in the announcement, the Tradelens data management system will allow all supply chain participants including freight forwarders, individual shippers, shipping firms, and logistics operators to conduct transactions in a more cost-effective manner.
high trading-volume entities; exchanges;	Blockstream market Liquid as a fast, secure, and confidential method for high trading-volume entities such as exchanges, brokers, and financial institutions to transact.
high trading-volume entities; brokers;	Blockstream market Liquid as a fast, secure, and confidential method for high trading-volume entities such as exchanges, brokers, and financial institutions to transact.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	According to the documents released by the company, after the restructuring in April, Rakuten Settlements will be responsible for the serving, processing, and payment of all of Rakuten’s transactions, including those made by the use of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.
e-commerce giants; Amazon;	Furthermore, it may also signal a willingness among other e-commerce giants such as Amazon or Alibaba to experiment with the same, at least on a temporary basis, to check its viability in light of a growing number of consumers demanding the same.
e-commerce giants; Alibaba;	Furthermore, it may also signal a willingness among other e-commerce giants such as Amazon or Alibaba to experiment with the same, at least on a temporary basis, to check its viability in light of a growing number of consumers demanding the same.
any unlawful trade; money;	SETTLENET also deploys atomic swaps for those connected on the new network and claim that the suite will succeed in “eradicating counterparty risk.” SETTLENET will be monitored by the FSA, and thus “will provide the regulatory authorities with the functionality to monitor any unlawful trade, including money laundering.”
any unlawful trade; money;	In addition, SettleNet will provide the regulatory authorities with the functionality to monitor any unlawful trade, including money laundering,” says Crypto Garage.
risks; security;	The company’s delivery versus payment settlement of the crypto assets platform will help overcome these obstacles and stimulate growth in the industry removing risks such as security breaches, unstable liquidity and price fluctuation, high counterparty risk, low confidentiality of trade between the trading parties, and low visibility of trading for the regulatory authorities.
major platforms; Binance;	According to Elementus’ investigations, the hackers have thus far cashed out ~$880,000 of the stolen crypto via exchanges, which reportedly include major platforms such as Binance, Huobi and HitBTC.
major platforms; Huobi;	According to Elementus’ investigations, the hackers have thus far cashed out ~$880,000 of the stolen crypto via exchanges, which reportedly include major platforms such as Binance, Huobi and HitBTC.
major platforms; HitBTC;	According to Elementus’ investigations, the hackers have thus far cashed out ~$880,000 of the stolen crypto via exchanges, which reportedly include major platforms such as Binance, Huobi and HitBTC.
ERC20; Ether;	With current market prices, the total amount of funds stolen is about $16 million, only from Ether and other ERC20 tokens.
information; figures;	But data firm Elementus has since started to provide information, including figures revealing how much was taken, which it claims to be around $16 million in ethereum (ETH) an ERC20 tokens.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
daily transactions; restaurants;	Salamantex makes it easy for crypto enthusiasts to have an alternative means of payment in restaurants, supermarkets and other daily transactions point.
daily transactions; supermarkets;	Salamantex makes it easy for crypto enthusiasts to have an alternative means of payment in restaurants, supermarkets and other daily transactions point.
coins; Bitcoin;	Salamantex disclosed that it has initiated Bitcoin, Dash and other coins on its platform for trade.
coins; Dash;	Salamantex disclosed that it has initiated Bitcoin, Dash and other coins on its platform for trade.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	A South Korean crypto exchange mistakenly sent its customers BTC and other cryptocurrencies due to an error during an airdrop.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Coinzest reportedly sent its customers BTC and other cryptocurrencies while trying to airdrop WGT tokens.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	An official of the exchange said that about 400 members were supposed to receive WGT tokens, Hankyung publication reported, adding that other cryptocurrencies such as BTC and ETH were sent to members’ wallets.
cryptocurrencies; ETH;	An official of the exchange said that about 400 members were supposed to receive WGT tokens, Hankyung publication reported, adding that other cryptocurrencies such as BTC and ETH were sent to members’ wallets.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	The exchange was meant to send an airdrop of We Game Tokens (WGT) but a computer error resulted in users not only getting BTC and other cryptocurrencies, but deposits in the fiat currency of the Won.
cryptos; BTC;	What are your thoughts on the computer error that caused a massive airdrop of BTC and other cryptos to users of CoinZest?
digital assets; bitcoin;	“The bug caused tens of thousands of bitcoin and other digital assets to be credited to personal accounts of customers and several users promptly sold off the coins, resulting in a price crash.”
innovators; Dropbox;	Adena Friedman noted that last year they were fortunate to have some great technology innovators, including Dropbox, DocuSign, Greensky, iQIYI , Stone, and Pinduoduo tap the public markets.
innovators; DocuSign;	Adena Friedman noted that last year they were fortunate to have some great technology innovators, including Dropbox, DocuSign, Greensky, iQIYI , Stone, and Pinduoduo tap the public markets.
innovators; Greensky;	Adena Friedman noted that last year they were fortunate to have some great technology innovators, including Dropbox, DocuSign, Greensky, iQIYI , Stone, and Pinduoduo tap the public markets.
innovators; iQIYI;	Adena Friedman noted that last year they were fortunate to have some great technology innovators, including Dropbox, DocuSign, Greensky, iQIYI , Stone, and Pinduoduo tap the public markets.
innovators; Stone;	Adena Friedman noted that last year they were fortunate to have some great technology innovators, including Dropbox, DocuSign, Greensky, iQIYI , Stone, and Pinduoduo tap the public markets.
figures; crypto;	Both team members’ concerns prompted wider crypto industry figures, including crypto Twitter personality @WhalePanda, to call out what they perceived as a likely “exit scam.”
traditional institutions; proprietary trading;	In the past 12 months, hundreds of crypto-first hedge funds have launched around the world, and many hundreds more traditional institutions such as proprietary trading firms, family offices and endowments have begun actively trading digital assets.
traditional institutions; proprietary trading;	The exchange noted that over the past 12 months, several hedge funds had launched worldwide and another growing number of traditional institutions such as proprietary trading firms, family offices, and endowments are trading digital assets.
participants; digital assets;	As a result, Coinbase has introduced a suite of professional products – Coinbase Pro and Coinbase Custody to better serve these customers and other market participants such as digital assets issuers, exchanges, and miners.
exchanges; Mt;	The secure storage of digital assets is a hot topic because investors have lost huge amounts of money after cryptocurrency exchanges such as Mt.
operations; Huobi;	Many more had to trim down operations including Huobi, Shapeshift, Consensys and Spankchain.
operations; Shapeshift;	Many more had to trim down operations including Huobi, Shapeshift, Consensys and Spankchain.
operations; Consensys;	Many more had to trim down operations including Huobi, Shapeshift, Consensys and Spankchain.
operations; Spankchain;	Many more had to trim down operations including Huobi, Shapeshift, Consensys and Spankchain.
Street-level clients; large asset;	Initially, they wanted to focus on Wall Street-level clients including large asset managers and hedge funds but then they decided to develop their business in a little bit different direction.
products; Coinbase;	On its blog, Coinbase revealed the launch of new features and services for its suite of products such as Coinbase Pro, Coinbase Prime, and Coinbase Custody which can be used by high-volume investors in Asian and European regions.
functions; trade;	According to R3, many of its Dapps already in production are designed for a variety of business functions such as trade finance, identity, insurance, and capital markets, which means ING will have a wide and relevant variety of possible Dapps to choose from.
firms; ING;	The aim of the project was to digitize trade finance documents and a total of eight firms, including ING, took part in its trial run, making use of the technology for real-life business scenarios.
traditional exchanges; LSE;	The platform will reportedly become the first digital assets exchange to use LSEG Technology’s so-dubbed “Millennium Exchange,” which is a low latency and scalable matching engine already reportedly in use at traditional exchanges such as LSE, Borsa Italiana, the Oslo Stock Exchange, and others.
traditional exchanges; Borsa;	The platform will reportedly become the first digital assets exchange to use LSEG Technology’s so-dubbed “Millennium Exchange,” which is a low latency and scalable matching engine already reportedly in use at traditional exchanges such as LSE, Borsa Italiana, the Oslo Stock Exchange, and others.
global venues; HKEX;	AAX is set to launch in H1 2019 and is the first digital asset exchange to be built on LSEG Technology’s Millennium Exchange matching engine, which also provides technology services to London Stock Exchange and other global venues such as HKEX and SGX.
global venues; SGX;	AAX is set to launch in H1 2019 and is the first digital asset exchange to be built on LSEG Technology’s Millennium Exchange matching engine, which also provides technology services to London Stock Exchange and other global venues such as HKEX and SGX.
institutions; Fidelity;	“With institutions such as Fidelity Investments entering the market and others also gearing up for entry, we predict the digital asset class is primed for entry by institutional and mainstream investors in 2019,” Lin added.
global exchanges; LSEG;	Institutional-grade technology as used by global exchanges such as LSEG, HKEX, and SGX
global exchanges; HKEX;	Institutional-grade technology as used by global exchanges such as LSEG, HKEX, and SGX
technologies; Millennium;	However, that may change as soon as digital assets exchanges such as AAX start using secure technologies such as Millennium.
institutions; Fidelity;	With institutions such as Fidelity Investments entering the market and others also gearing up for entry, we predict the digital asset class is primed for entry by institutional and mainstream investors in 2019.
traditional exchanges; the LSEG;	“Institutional-grade technology” as used by established traditional exchanges including the LSEG, HKEX and SGX,
traditional exchanges; HKEX;	“Institutional-grade technology” as used by established traditional exchanges including the LSEG, HKEX and SGX,
traditional exchanges; SGX;	“Institutional-grade technology” as used by established traditional exchanges including the LSEG, HKEX and SGX,
positions; a director;	According to the listing, Bakkt is seeking experienced developers for mobile and blockchain applications, an institutional sales manager with experience in North America or Asia; and three management positions including a director of finance, director of security engineering and director for blockchain engineering.
crypto-related projects; the approval;	The shutdown has also affected other crypto-related projects such as the approval of the first Bitcoin Exchange-Traded fund (ETF) that was presented by VanEck and SolidX.
others; Goldman;	Some of them are Fidelity Investments and Coinbase, among others such as Goldman Sachs.
manufacturers; Unilever;	The company reportedly signed deals with major global grocery manufacturers such as Unilever .
many industries; food;	DNV GL; an Oslo-based company is an internationally accredited classification and registrar society that provides registration services to many industries such as food and beverage; renewable energy and healthcare.
many industries; beverage;	DNV GL; an Oslo-based company is an internationally accredited classification and registrar society that provides registration services to many industries such as food and beverage; renewable energy and healthcare.
taxation; the first week;	McAfee’s video also refers to prior statements concerning taxation such as the first week of January when he told his 890,000 Twitter followers that he refuses to pay taxes to the government.
public places; the streets;	The first group will be “road warriors,” who will start appearing in parks, on the streets, restaurants and other public places, carrying speakers through which McAfee will hold his speeches.
public places; restaurants;	The first group will be “road warriors,” who will start appearing in parks, on the streets, restaurants and other public places, carrying speakers through which McAfee will hold his speeches.
the US; conferences;	These people will appear on various locations through the US, including conferences, debates, restaurants, and street corners, carrying portable loudspeakers through which McAfee will be voicing his merits.
the US; debates;	These people will appear on various locations through the US, including conferences, debates, restaurants, and street corners, carrying portable loudspeakers through which McAfee will be voicing his merits.
the US; restaurants;	These people will appear on various locations through the US, including conferences, debates, restaurants, and street corners, carrying portable loudspeakers through which McAfee will be voicing his merits.
sophisticated networks; the internet;	These include security issues related to the use of mobile phones, and the increasing number of devices using sophisticated networks such as the internet of things (IoT).
parts; Europe;	Similar to how authorities in Europe and other parts of the world are addressing privacy issues, regulators in India are currently working to help internet users maintain data privacy and security.
organizations; the National;	The white paper comprises of inputs from a number of organizations, including the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI), the State Bank of India (SBI), Punjab National Bank (PNB), and Deutsche Bank, among others.
cryptocurrencies; Coin;	In its press release, Sapphire Technology says that the "SAPPHIRE RX 570 16GB HDMI Blockchain Graphics Card" is the "first of a new family of GPU Blockchain products to support mining of the recently launched GRIN Coin and other cryptocurrencies," and that it will be available to order soon.
cryptocurrencies; Coin;	That card is a first in their new series of GPU Blockchain products that they are developing to facilitate GRIN Coin and other cryptocurrencies mining activities.
cryptocurrencies; scalability;	The GRIN coin is a community-based token that has been in development since 2016 and it aims to address various deficiencies associated with most of the other cryptocurrencies including scalability and privacy.
cryptocurrencies; privacy;	The GRIN coin is a community-based token that has been in development since 2016 and it aims to address various deficiencies associated with most of the other cryptocurrencies including scalability and privacy.
improprieties; wash trading;	Bithumb has had a number of controversies and accusations levied at it, including allegations of wash trading and other improprieties, and a well-publicized hack which harmed its image tremendously.
‘; evasion;	It’s decision to go public comes after a sizable journey to rehabilitate its public image, but regulators are likely to be looking closely at its behavior, especially as crypto comes up against its well known utility for tax evasion and other ‘nefarious’ activity.
public companies; Blockchain;	Given the hype surrounding Long Blockchain, Riot Blockchain, and other public companies that made dubious blockchain rebrands in late 2017, the report that a major cryptocurrency exchange was going public in the US would have set the market on fire during the historic crypto bull run, perhaps carrying the bitcoin price even further then its current all-time high near $20,000.
digital finance; e-commerce;	As explained in the announcement, the BXA and Blockchain Industries aim to create a “more secure global exchange platform.” This trading platform will reportedly support “emerging blockchain e-commerce, payments, and other digital finance functions.”
digital finance; payments;	As explained in the announcement, the BXA and Blockchain Industries aim to create a “more secure global exchange platform.” This trading platform will reportedly support “emerging blockchain e-commerce, payments, and other digital finance functions.”
digital finance; payments;	The announcement states that the merger unexpectedly resulted in the creation of a "unified, more secure global exchange platform with a broad capability to support emerging blockchain e-commerce, payments, and other digital finance functions."
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Yesterday, Adena Friedman, president and CEO of Nasdaq Inc., argued that for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to evolve into a practical, useable invention with stable value, better “governance and regulatory clarity” for the sector is required.
Traders; Krüger;	Traders including Krüger are in agreeance that Bitcoin has not shown any signs of a major trend reversal.
top coins; Bitcoin;	While prices for Bitcoin and other top coins remains stable into 2019, blockchain and crypto have found a resurgence in messaging services looking to utilize a secure digital payment.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In that respect, it’s a welcome step that also helps cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin become more accessible to people who know nothing about its use.
community; growth;	If enacted, the Bytecoin Gateway presents a number of benefits to the Bytecoin community, including growth via cross-chain expansion and augmentation of presence and trading convenience.
leveraged derivatives; Contracts;	One of the points in the FCA’s guidance addresses the high risks of leveraged derivatives such as Contracts for Differences (CFDs).
fees; financing;	According to the Guidance, their risk is associated with “the volatility of crypotassets and the impact of product fees such as financing costs and spreads.”
intended purposes; tokens;	Now, in line with the same task force, the FCA has categorized cryptoassets into exchange tokens, security tokens, and utility tokens and other intended purposes.
crypto derivatives; CFDs;	The regulator is specifically cautioning that it may ban the sale of crypto derivatives such as CFDs later this year.
fees; financing;	Leveraged derivatives based on cryptocurrencies, like Contracts for Differences (CFDs) and futures carry a high risk of loss due to volatility and the impact of fees such as financing costs and spreads, the document explains.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
the industry; Steemit;	The steep fall in the price of bitcoin observed during mid-November 2018  shrank crypto holdings of the majority of the companies in the industry, including Steemit.
solutions; the Lightning;	Bitcoin, in comparison, can handle roughly 7 transactions per second, with scaling and settlement solutions such as the Lightning Network and Liquid in development.
blockchains; Ethereum;	Several other blockchains including Ethereum, Tron, EOS, Stellar, Zilliqa, Litecoin and Cardano claim a range of transaction speeds, from Ethereum’s 15-20 to Tron’s 2,000 TPS.
blockchains; Tron;	Several other blockchains including Ethereum, Tron, EOS, Stellar, Zilliqa, Litecoin and Cardano claim a range of transaction speeds, from Ethereum’s 15-20 to Tron’s 2,000 TPS.
blockchains; EOS;	Several other blockchains including Ethereum, Tron, EOS, Stellar, Zilliqa, Litecoin and Cardano claim a range of transaction speeds, from Ethereum’s 15-20 to Tron’s 2,000 TPS.
blockchains; Stellar;	Several other blockchains including Ethereum, Tron, EOS, Stellar, Zilliqa, Litecoin and Cardano claim a range of transaction speeds, from Ethereum’s 15-20 to Tron’s 2,000 TPS.
blockchains; Zilliqa;	Several other blockchains including Ethereum, Tron, EOS, Stellar, Zilliqa, Litecoin and Cardano claim a range of transaction speeds, from Ethereum’s 15-20 to Tron’s 2,000 TPS.
blockchains; Litecoin;	Several other blockchains including Ethereum, Tron, EOS, Stellar, Zilliqa, Litecoin and Cardano claim a range of transaction speeds, from Ethereum’s 15-20 to Tron’s 2,000 TPS.
blockchains; Cardano;	Several other blockchains including Ethereum, Tron, EOS, Stellar, Zilliqa, Litecoin and Cardano claim a range of transaction speeds, from Ethereum’s 15-20 to Tron’s 2,000 TPS.
solutions; Liquid;	Bitcoin, on the other hand, can handle just 7 TPS but it’s also important to mention that scaling and settlement solutions such as Liquid and the Lightning network are currently in the works.
solutions; the Lightning;	Bitcoin, on the other hand, can handle just 7 TPS but it’s also important to mention that scaling and settlement solutions such as Liquid and the Lightning network are currently in the works.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	According to the document, digital currencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) are not deemed to be “money” under the MTA — which is defined as being “currency or legal tender or any other product that is generally recognized as a medium of exchange.”
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The State of Pennsylvania has released a statement on Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies on their official portal.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Due to this, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are not classified as money according to the act.
digital assets; bitcoin;	The DoBS has issued a statement concerning the state’s Money Transmitter Act (MTA) and guidance for virtual currency businesses explaining that bitcoin and other digital assets are not considered legal tender in the U.S.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	Over the course of the past few years, U.S. officials have had a hard time reaching consensus when it comes to classifying bitcoin and other digital currencies.
today; Amazon;	Despite seeing massively successful companies today such as Amazon and Google, a majority of the internet-based companies had to traverse a near decade of rebuilding value following their peak at the height of the bubble.
today; Google;	Despite seeing massively successful companies today such as Amazon and Google, a majority of the internet-based companies had to traverse a near decade of rebuilding value following their peak at the height of the bubble.
usability; functioning;	While prices will continue to fall behind what investors experience at the end of 2017, the industry, as a whole, will continue to mature and position itself for greater adoption and usability, including functioning in a manner that is far more realistic.
regulatory incumbents; the SEC;	The Twitter user added that VanEck claimed that it needs more time to convince the SEC and other regulatory incumbents that Bitcoin’s market conditions can adequately support an ETF vehicle.
protection; law;	However, the agency has staff “available to respond to emergency situations involving market integrity and investor protection, including law enforcement”.
investment; ETFs;	ETFs and other investment vehicles are seeing steady approval and consideration in some parts of the world, such as Switzerland and Japan.
the world; Facebook;	The former for instance is representative of speed while the latter is a color adopted by the biggest brands in the world such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn and denotes a sense of trust and security and gives an instant sense of recognition.
the world; Twitter;	The former for instance is representative of speed while the latter is a color adopted by the biggest brands in the world such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn and denotes a sense of trust and security and gives an instant sense of recognition.
the world; LinkedIn;	The former for instance is representative of speed while the latter is a color adopted by the biggest brands in the world such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn and denotes a sense of trust and security and gives an instant sense of recognition.
cryptocurrencies; ransomware;	That report highlighted threats relevant to cryptocurrencies, including ransomware attacks, DDoS attacks, using crypto to fund illegal activities, phishing schemes, and cryptojacking.
the planet; EWN;	Naturally every crypto media outlet on the planet, including EWN, ran the story but Samsung refuted it chalking it all down to ‘pure speculation’.
options; the in-display fingerprint;	Users will be able to set the private key and authenticate via biometric options such as the in-display fingerprint scanner (which is already confirmed), PIN, password, etc.
manufacturer; Apple;	“Every other smartphone manufacturer including Apple will now have to integrate a crypto wallet or fall behind,” Aaron Tay, former reserve manager at Singapore’s central bank the Monetary Authority of Singapore wrote.
blockchain-related features; a crypto wallet;	In the Galaxy S10 – the closest competitor to Apple’s iPhone – Samsung may be adding a crypto wallet and other blockchain-related features to the phone via a new Blockchain KeyStore application.
tokens; bitcoin;	The news outlet Sam Mobile reported that the app was going to support a number of cryptocurrencies and tokens such as bitcoin core (BTC), bitcoin cash (BCH), ethereum (ETH), and ethereum-based ERC20 tokens.
protocols; Bitcoin;	HTC’s blockchain phone is called the HTC Exodus and supports underlying protocols, including Bitcoin, Lightning Network, Ethereum, Dfinity, and more.
protocols; Lightning;	HTC’s blockchain phone is called the HTC Exodus and supports underlying protocols, including Bitcoin, Lightning Network, Ethereum, Dfinity, and more.
functions; “ social key recovery;	It allows users to run dapps on their phone and comes with interesting blockchain functions such as “social key recovery.”
ERC20; Ether;	Elementus, a blockchain analysis platform, is reporting that $16 million in Ether and other ERC20 tokens were stolen in this month's Cryptopia hack over the course of five days.
tokenized assets; shares;	Hg Exchange will offer blockchain-based trading of tokenized assets, including shares in companies like Airbnb, Uber, SpaceX, and more.
]; Uber;	In a statement, the exchange claims that it "will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor."
]; Airbnb;	In a statement, the exchange claims that it "will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor."
]; Space;	In a statement, the exchange claims that it "will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor."
startups; Uber;	The vision of Hg Exchange is to provide the regular investors access to high-growth startups such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing.
startups; Airbnb;	The vision of Hg Exchange is to provide the regular investors access to high-growth startups such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing.
startups; Space;	The vision of Hg Exchange is to provide the regular investors access to high-growth startups such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing.
classes; private equity;	The intersection of blockchain technology with traditional asset classes such as private equity promises to globalize and liquefy previously illiquid assets.
]; Uber;	 “It is envisaged that Hg Exchange will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor.”
]; Airbnb;	 “It is envisaged that Hg Exchange will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor.”
]; Space;	 “It is envisaged that Hg Exchange will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor.”
financial tools; real shares;	It buys real shares and other financial tools for the platform that offers them to clients.
planned initiatives; businesses;	A Huobi representative told the South China Morning Post (SCMP) last year that the company was still looking to recruit more staff for its core businesses and other planned initiatives.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Lawmakers in New Hampshire have introduced a bill to legalize tax payments and state fees in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; HB0185;	Pro-crypto lawmakers in Wyoming have also introduced several bills to support cryptocurrencies, including HB0185 which was introduced last week.
taxes; sales;	As previously reported by IIB, Ohio became the first U.S. state to accept cryptocurrency for paying taxes, allowing residents to pay 23 kinds of business taxes such as sales tax, utility tax, employee withholding taxes and more.
bills; House;	In addition to this bill, the state also introduced other bills including House Bill 62 and House Bill 57 that take a progressive approach to cryptocurrencies and the industry as a whole.
blockchain projects; Tron;	Does it pose a threat to other blockchain projects such as Tron and Ethereum?
blockchain projects; Ethereum;	Does it pose a threat to other blockchain projects such as Tron and Ethereum?
s; the final testing;	The team at Zilliqa has been extremely busy with numerous thing,s including the final testing before mainnet launch, to ensure the Zilliqa blockchain maintains high levels of security.
big events; mainnet;	Towards the end of January, we can expect to see some volatility in Zilliqa’s price as big events such as mainnet launches, hard forks, and token swaps often result in traders doing weird things due to uncertainty.
major occurrence; the mainnet;	Lastly, the team gives a heads up to the Zilliqa community as prior to major occurrence such as the mainnet launch, high volatility to Zilliqa’s price will likely to happen.
]; Uber;	“It is envisaged that Hg Exchange will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor.”
]; Airbnb;	“It is envisaged that Hg Exchange will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor.”
]; Space;	“It is envisaged that Hg Exchange will provide access to high-growth startups and also decacorns [companies valued above $10 billion] such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing, which are currently not within reach of the average investor.”
many federal agencies; the SEC;	Further elaborating on the four possible reasons why the news of CBOE’s withdrawal of the Bitcoin ETF had little market effect, we find in the first scenario the currently ongoing government shutdown has affected the functions of many federal agencies such as the SEC and CFTC.
many federal agencies; CFTC;	Further elaborating on the four possible reasons why the news of CBOE’s withdrawal of the Bitcoin ETF had little market effect, we find in the first scenario the currently ongoing government shutdown has affected the functions of many federal agencies such as the SEC and CFTC.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	The current value of BTC and other cryptocurrencies had already factored in this event thus the CBOE withdrawal did not impact the markets as anticipated.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Joey Krug, the chief investment officer at Pantera Capital, recently noted that he expects for “choppy waters” to continue to haunt Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies throughout 2019.
funds; venture;	Traditionally, alternative asset funds such as venture capital and private equities were inaccessible to investors beyond the ultra-high-net-worth individuals due to a long lock-up period.
conditions; advertising;	In case the owners want the offering to fall under an exemption, they should be aware of conditions, including advertising restrictions, the MAS notes.
factors; high-liquidity;	CZ stated that fiat-to-crypto exchanges cannot be decentralized because of the hurdles that would be caused by banking institutions and then, on the other side there are people who prefer crypto-to-crypto centralized exchanges because of factors such as high-liquidity, security and speed.
factors; security;	CZ stated that fiat-to-crypto exchanges cannot be decentralized because of the hurdles that would be caused by banking institutions and then, on the other side there are people who prefer crypto-to-crypto centralized exchanges because of factors such as high-liquidity, security and speed.
factors; speed;	CZ stated that fiat-to-crypto exchanges cannot be decentralized because of the hurdles that would be caused by banking institutions and then, on the other side there are people who prefer crypto-to-crypto centralized exchanges because of factors such as high-liquidity, security and speed.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Over the coming months, Robinhood Crypto, which is currently available in over 30 states, will allow account holders in New York to buy, sell and store seven cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin.
cryptocurrencies; Ether;	Over the coming months, Robinhood Crypto, which is currently available in over 30 states, will allow account holders in New York to buy, sell and store seven cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Over the coming months, Robinhood Crypto, which is currently available in over 30 states, will allow account holders in New York to buy, sell and store seven cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash and Litecoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	With Robinhood Crypto, users can invest in seven cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum, commission-free.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	With Robinhood Crypto, users can invest in seven cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum, commission-free.
virtual currencies; bitcoin;	[NY]DFS has authorized Robinhood Crypto to offer services for buying, selling, and storing seven virtual currencies, including bitcoin, ether, bitcoin cash, and litecoin.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	Now, Robinhood Crypto is authorized to offer services for buying, selling, and storing seven digital currencies, including Bitcoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin.
digital currencies; Ether;	Now, Robinhood Crypto is authorized to offer services for buying, selling, and storing seven digital currencies, including Bitcoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	Now, Robinhood Crypto is authorized to offer services for buying, selling, and storing seven digital currencies, including Bitcoin, Ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin.
applications; Robinhood;	The DFS has so far approved sixteen BitLicense applications, including Robinhood and LibertyX.
applications; LibertyX;	The DFS has so far approved sixteen BitLicense applications, including Robinhood and LibertyX.
mineral reserves; oil;	The idea was to back up this cryptocurrency, controlled by the government, with Venezuelan oil and other mineral reserves.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	To escape the devalued bolivar and the country’s oil-backed Petro, a national cryptocurrency launched by Maduro last year in order to avoid US sanctions, an increasing number of people have been turning to Bitcoin, Dash and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Dash;	To escape the devalued bolivar and the country’s oil-backed Petro, a national cryptocurrency launched by Maduro last year in order to avoid US sanctions, an increasing number of people have been turning to Bitcoin, Dash and other cryptocurrencies.
services; CoinMarketCap;	This differs significantly from data provided to third-party crypto data services such as CoinMarketCap, where the displayed circulating supply is around 41 billion XRP at the time of writing this.
indices; CryptoCompare;	The company also recommended that the leading crypto indices, including CryptoCompare, Bloomberg-Galaxy, and Bitwise, recalculate XRP’s market cap accordingly.
indices; Bloomberg-Galaxy;	The company also recommended that the leading crypto indices, including CryptoCompare, Bloomberg-Galaxy, and Bitwise, recalculate XRP’s market cap accordingly.
passive funds; Grayscale;	We recommend major indices, including Bloomberg-Galaxy, MVIS CryptoCompare, Bitwise, and others, as well as passive funds such as Grayscale’s Digital Large Cap, and Bitwise’s 10 Large Cap Crypto, consider revising their circulating supply assumptions for XRP downward to more appropriately reflect its true network liquidity, and cease to rely on Ripple’s XRP API for accurate circulating supply figures.
staff; employees;	As Cointelegraph recently reported, recent layoffs at Consensys affected around 10 percent of its staff, including employees both in support and technical roles.
traditional stocks; Apple;	They also have the option of trading tokenized versions of traditional stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon, Netflix, Descartes Systems Group, Baidu, Intel, Google and Nvidia.
traditional stocks; Facebook;	They also have the option of trading tokenized versions of traditional stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon, Netflix, Descartes Systems Group, Baidu, Intel, Google and Nvidia.
traditional stocks; Tesla;	They also have the option of trading tokenized versions of traditional stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon, Netflix, Descartes Systems Group, Baidu, Intel, Google and Nvidia.
traditional stocks; Microsoft;	They also have the option of trading tokenized versions of traditional stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon, Netflix, Descartes Systems Group, Baidu, Intel, Google and Nvidia.
traditional stocks; Amazon;	They also have the option of trading tokenized versions of traditional stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon, Netflix, Descartes Systems Group, Baidu, Intel, Google and Nvidia.
traditional stocks; Netflix;	They also have the option of trading tokenized versions of traditional stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon, Netflix, Descartes Systems Group, Baidu, Intel, Google and Nvidia.
traditional stocks; Descartes;	They also have the option of trading tokenized versions of traditional stocks such as Apple, Facebook, Tesla, Microsoft, Amazon, Netflix, Descartes Systems Group, Baidu, Intel, Google and Nvidia.
startups; Uber;	The vision of new exchange is to provide regular investors access to high-growth startups such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing.
startups; Airbnb;	The vision of new exchange is to provide regular investors access to high-growth startups such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing.
startups; Space;	The vision of new exchange is to provide regular investors access to high-growth startups such as Uber, Airbnb, Space X, Grab and Didi Chuxing.
several products; TurboTax;	Coinbase integration is available "in several products, including TurboTax Premier, TurboTax Self-Employed, TurboTax Live Premier and TurboTax Live Self-Employed."
exchanges; Binance;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; Bitfinex;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; BitMAX;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; Bitstamp;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; Coinbase;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
several products; TurboTax;	Coinbase integration is available "in several products, including TurboTax Premier, TurboTax Self-Employed, TurboTax Live Premier and TurboTax Live Self-Employed."
exchanges; Binance;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; Bitfinex;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; BitMAX;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; Bitstamp;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
exchanges; Coinbase;	"Auto sync with exchanges and wallets" (with support for 20+ major crypto exchanges including Binance, Bitfinex, BitMAX, Bitstamp, Coinbase Consumer/Pro, Gemini, Huobi, Kraken, and Poloniex)
similar services; trade;	The JSE joins a growing list of stock exchanges in parts of the world that have started to offer similar services, including trade of common cryptocurrencies like bitcoin core.
ecosystem; the JSE;	The pilot also aimed to “demonstrate the complete lifecycle of the digital asset ecosystem, including the JSE setting up and managing broker members and market makers on the platform.” The Caribbean country’s securities depository body managed the clearing, settlement, and custody of cash and cryptocurrency while enforcing compliance reporting and reconciliation across all participating companies.
laws; the civil code;	The government expects to propose changes to six laws, including the civil code and bankruptcy law, in 2019.
laws; bankruptcy;	The government expects to propose changes to six laws, including the civil code and bankruptcy law, in 2019.
technologies; bitcoin;	On the fifth day he talked about how he would tell tales for generations to come and went ahead to talk about how he thinks bitcoin, Lightning, IPFS and other technologies are the future on the sixth day.
technologies; Lightning;	On the fifth day he talked about how he would tell tales for generations to come and went ahead to talk about how he thinks bitcoin, Lightning, IPFS and other technologies are the future on the sixth day.
technologies; IPFS;	On the fifth day he talked about how he would tell tales for generations to come and went ahead to talk about how he thinks bitcoin, Lightning, IPFS and other technologies are the future on the sixth day.
crypto ICOs; Telegram;	He went on a major spending spree in 2018, investing in other crypto ICOs such as Telegram, as well as using BTC to buy $19 million of land in the wealthy Tel Aviv suburb of Kfar Shmaryahu.
moves; a recent logo;	Helping LTC’s cause are other moves, including a recent logo change that gained popularity after the cryptocurrency sponsored a UFC title match to increase crypto adoption late last year.
stakeholders; providers;	Using blockchain technology, he added, "We'll work to improve data accuracy for providers, regulators, and other stakeholders, and give our members more control over their own data."
stakeholders; regulators;	Using blockchain technology, he added, "We'll work to improve data accuracy for providers, regulators, and other stakeholders, and give our members more control over their own data."
industry; insurers;	Blockchain technology continues to gain traction in the global healthcare sector, as insurers, hospitals and other industry professionals explore its benefits for sharing, securing and streamlining sensitive clinical and other health-related information.
industry; hospitals;	Blockchain technology continues to gain traction in the global healthcare sector, as insurers, hospitals and other industry professionals explore its benefits for sharing, securing and streamlining sensitive clinical and other health-related information.
stakeholders; providers;	“Through the application of blockchain technology, we’ll work to improve data accuracy for providers, regulators and other stakeholders, and give our members more control over their own data.”
stakeholders; regulators;	“Through the application of blockchain technology, we’ll work to improve data accuracy for providers, regulators and other stakeholders, and give our members more control over their own data.”
networks; Bitcoin;	On one hand, its transactions can be absolutely transparent which means that it such situations the working principle of the network is very similar to the working principle of many other networks including Bitcoin.
traditional assets; shares;	We also offer investors access to a huge range of traditional assets such as shares, currencies, commodities, ETF’s and indices', the ad read.
traditional assets; currencies;	We also offer investors access to a huge range of traditional assets such as shares, currencies, commodities, ETF’s and indices', the ad read.
traditional assets; commodities;	We also offer investors access to a huge range of traditional assets such as shares, currencies, commodities, ETF’s and indices', the ad read.
traditional assets; ETF;	We also offer investors access to a huge range of traditional assets such as shares, currencies, commodities, ETF’s and indices', the ad read.
key investors; Boost;	Previously, Polkadot raised about $144 million in its first token sale in October 2017, with key investors including Boost VC, Pantera Capital and Polychain Capital, as the WSJ reports.
several major investors; Boost;	Back in October of 2017, Polkadot raised $145 million through a token sale to several major investors including Boost VC, Pantera Capital and Polychain Capital.
digital currency; proponents;	If you’ve been involved in the cryptocurrency scene on social media or forums, you probably noticed the intense debate between XRP proponents and other digital currency communities.
crypto adoption; the Kin;	Unity is the largest gaming engine in the world, and the platform’s new support for digital currencies in creating, promoting and monetizing games could provide a major boost for crypto adoption, especially the Kin cryptocurrency.
the tokenized in-game activities; the wallet;	With the addition of KIN on the Unity game engine, the Kin blockchain will handle all of the tokenized in-game activities including the wallet and real-time account creation.
the tokenized in-game activities; real-time account;	With the addition of KIN on the Unity game engine, the Kin blockchain will handle all of the tokenized in-game activities including the wallet and real-time account creation.
projects; Ethereum;	The tweet went on to postulate that Tron had plagiarized the whitepapers fof Ethereum and other projects.
projects; Ethereum;	They suffered from the news that they had plagiarized code from #Ethereum and other projects changing the file names to hide source code.
networks; Ethereum;	The TVM has been created to attract dApps and developers from other networks such as Ethereum.
crypto-related services; digital asset;	Earlier this month, major Swiss investment bank Vontobel launched a crypto custody solution targeting banks and asset managers, allowing them to offer their clients a number of crypto-related services including digital asset purchases, transfers and storage.
cryptocurrencies; Monero;	Such volatility was also noticed in other cryptocurrencies such as Monero and Zcash which also had massive inflation ratio at their early days.
cryptocurrencies; Zcash;	Such volatility was also noticed in other cryptocurrencies such as Monero and Zcash which also had massive inflation ratio at their early days.
rigs; the Bitmain;	Bitcoin (BTC) miners in China are in a bind after a ransomware by the name of ‘hAnt’ has been targeting specific mining rigs such as the Bitmain’s Antminer S9, T9 and L3.
types; contracts;	Similar to how other major cryptoasset exchanges are diversifying their business strategy to better serve different types of investors, Huobi’s general counsel Josh Goodbody told CryptoBriefing that the trading platform provider will be introducing XRP futures contracts through its Huobi Derivatives Market (DM) “very soon.” Goodbody, who’s also the head of global sales and institutional business at Huobi, said that the company intends to launch more cryptocurrency contracts and other types of financial products this year.
offerings; Hong;	Other trading platforms looking to expand their offerings such as Hong Kong’s AAX crypto exchange recently purchased proprietary trading software from the London Stock Exchange technology group.
products; the tech;	It seems that one of the bank’s transactions got lost this month on the SWIFT network and this is the main reason for which it’s time to move on to better and safer products such as the tech used by Ripple.
crypto-assets; bitcoin.;	In December 2018, India’s Ministry of Finance had stated that the IMC had been tasked with “studying study all aspects of cryptocurrencies and crypto-assets including bitcoin.” The committee was also “working to develop a framework for regulating cryptocurrencies,” according to India’s finance ministry.
language; the English;	Justin Sun responded by removing the whitepaper from the website and went on to claim that the original whitepaper, in Chinese, did have a “sources cited” list, but the English and other language versions had been translated by “volunteers” and had omitted the references.
performers; Bitcoin;	Ethereum (ETH) was down 7 percent at press time, just behind the worst performers such as Bitcoin Cash (BCH), which fell 10 percent.
securities; stocks;	 Ted Livingston, the CEO of Kik, told the WSJ that tokens like Kin are in fact not securities, but a brand new category of assets, and as such should not be subject to the regulation that is usually elicited for stocks, bonds, and other securities.
securities; bonds;	 Ted Livingston, the CEO of Kik, told the WSJ that tokens like Kin are in fact not securities, but a brand new category of assets, and as such should not be subject to the regulation that is usually elicited for stocks, bonds, and other securities.
stringent measures; hefty fines;	If the judge determines that Kik’s ICO wasn’t a securities offering, the company will be safe from hefty fines and other stringent measures.
assets; decentralized platform;	In a blog post published yesterday, Kik CEO and founder Ted Livingston stated that the startup was poised to fight against the action, arguing that the crypto space as a whole must challenge the application of securities laws to emerging assets such as decentralized platform tokens.
participants; merchants;	Kik users will be able to spend Kin on products, services, and other valuable assets offered by merchants, developers, influencers, and other participants."
participants; developers;	Kik users will be able to spend Kin on products, services, and other valuable assets offered by merchants, developers, influencers, and other participants."
participants; influencers;	Kik users will be able to spend Kin on products, services, and other valuable assets offered by merchants, developers, influencers, and other participants."
governmental bodies; the United;	The cryptocurrency market’s developments have always been controlled by regulations from governmental bodies, especially the United States Securities and Exchange Commission [SEC].
Iranian institutions; Iranian banks;	“Iran’s cryptocurrency is expected to be rolled out in phases, first as a rial-backed digital token, to facilitate payments between Iranian banks and other Iranian institutions active in the crypto space, and later possibly as an instrument for the Iranian public to pay for local goods and services,” Al Jazeera reports.
institutions; Iranian banks;	Initially, a digital token backed by the national fiat, the Iranian rial, will be issued to facilitate payments between Iranian banks and other institutions active in the crypto space.
sector; “;	The document introduces legal definitions for terms associated with the crypto sector such as “smart contract” and “distributed ledger technology,” Italian media reported.
the sector; Binance;	In the past year, Malta has become a leading crypto-friendly jurisdiction in Europe, attracting some well-known companies in the sector such as Binance, Okex, ZB.com, and Bitbay.
the sector; Okex;	In the past year, Malta has become a leading crypto-friendly jurisdiction in Europe, attracting some well-known companies in the sector such as Binance, Okex, ZB.com, and Bitbay.
the sector; ZB.com;	In the past year, Malta has become a leading crypto-friendly jurisdiction in Europe, attracting some well-known companies in the sector such as Binance, Okex, ZB.com, and Bitbay.
countries; Iran;	While it’s currently unclear whether ‘IranCoin’ will be used to facilitate payments between Iran and other countries, it could be positioned by the Iran government as an alternative to SWIFT as Bitcoinist reported last year that Iran and Russia may use cryptocurrencies to bypass US sanctions.
policies; Use;	We are happy to announce the change in our Terms of Use and other policies.
some major ones; WAVES;	This closure was perhaps predictable, as recent months saw a mass delisting of coins from the platform, including some major ones such as WAVES.
prominent cryptos; WAVES;	Alarm bells were raised towards the end of last year when the exchange started to mass delist tokens, including some more prominent cryptos such as WAVES.
tokens; Bitcoin;	Therefore, their revenue could have dropped drastically for they didn’t have liquidity of serious protocol tokens such as Bitcoin, EOS, Ether, and similar coins.
tokens; EOS;	Therefore, their revenue could have dropped drastically for they didn’t have liquidity of serious protocol tokens such as Bitcoin, EOS, Ether, and similar coins.
tokens; Ether;	Therefore, their revenue could have dropped drastically for they didn’t have liquidity of serious protocol tokens such as Bitcoin, EOS, Ether, and similar coins.
exchanges; Liqui;	While the aforementioned exchanges are big enough to weather the winter, smaller exchanges such as Liqui are not as lucky.
metrics; branches;	It is considered to be the largest commercial bank in the country by the total amount of assets it holds, number of branches and other metrics.
large organizations; the Belarusian Oil;	It provides banking services to individuals as well as large organizations such as the Belarusian Oil Company and Gazprom Transgaz Belarus.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
a secondary market; overseas exchanges;	When cryptoassets are purchased on a secondary market such as overseas exchanges, they should be reported as “goods” for tax collection purposes (in Belarus).
stablecoins; Tether;	The listing also included privacy coins such as Monero (XMR) as well as stablecoins such as Tether (USDT).
daily summaries; a calculated accumulated volume;	Cryptocurrency information provided by the data feed will include price discovery, historic data, full-depth market by price and by venue insight, and daily summaries including a calculated accumulated volume, the volume of weighted average price (VWAP), as well as turnover value.
daily summaries; the volume;	Cryptocurrency information provided by the data feed will include price discovery, historic data, full-depth market by price and by venue insight, and daily summaries including a calculated accumulated volume, the volume of weighted average price (VWAP), as well as turnover value.
vital information; trends;	This will provide valuable information on market trends and other vital information that investors and crypto enthusiasts will find useful, thus promoting awareness on cryptocurrency assets listed as well as informing investment decisions.
files; music;	BitTorrent is a protocol for peer-to-peer file sharing, allowing users to distribute files such as music or videos over the internet.
files; videos;	BitTorrent is a protocol for peer-to-peer file sharing, allowing users to distribute files such as music or videos over the internet.
files; music;	BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer (p2p) file sharing protocol that allows users to distribute files such as music, books, games, videos, and more over the internet.
files; books;	BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer (p2p) file sharing protocol that allows users to distribute files such as music, books, games, videos, and more over the internet.
files; games;	BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer (p2p) file sharing protocol that allows users to distribute files such as music, books, games, videos, and more over the internet.
files; videos;	BitTorrent is a peer-to-peer (p2p) file sharing protocol that allows users to distribute files such as music, books, games, videos, and more over the internet.
tactics; crypto;	They mainly accomplish this by moving the funds around through a web of wallets and through tactics such as crypto dusting and crypto mixers.
services; mixing;	The researchers found that 64.3 percent of the funds were sent to centralized cryptocurrency exchanges, 11.9 percent to peer-to-peer exchanges and the remaining 23.8 percent went through other conversion services such as mixing services, bitcoin ATMs and gambling sites.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
blockchain-based digital assets; tickets;	Tangem is the producer of inexpensive blockchain-enabled smart card wallets for cryptocurrencies, stable coins, ICO / TAO tokens and other blockchain-based digital assets such as tickets, anti-counterfeit tags, etc.
blockchain-based digital assets; anti-counterfeit tags;	Tangem is the producer of inexpensive blockchain-enabled smart card wallets for cryptocurrencies, stable coins, ICO / TAO tokens and other blockchain-based digital assets such as tickets, anti-counterfeit tags, etc.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Fungibility, or the ability of a good to hold equal value when interchanged with individual units of the same good has long been an issue for cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin and Bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Fungibility, or the ability of a good to hold equal value when interchanged with individual units of the same good has long been an issue for cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin and Bitcoin.
major altcoins; Bitcoin;	This would ultimately add new utility to Litecoin, helping to separate it from Bitcoin and other major altcoins.
altcoins; Bitcoin;	So-called privacy coins, such as Monero (XMR), Zcash (ZEC) and Dash (DASH) were purposefully created to improve on perceived issues with Bitcoin and other altcoins, such as a lack of sufficient anonymity and fungibility.
technology; the Lightning;	Will Bitcoin also adopt such a feature since Litecoin is usually the first to adopt new blockchain technology such as the Lightning network?
offerings; Trezor;	Ledger’s app shares some similarities with competitor offerings such as Trezor’s Bridge interface, which the company rolled out across its wallet family last year.
applications; Etherscan;	As explained in an official blog post by Multicoin Capital, centralized applications such as Etherscan and decentralized apps (dApps) like prediction markets platform, Augur “need to query data out of the Ethereum blockchain.” However, this is currently being done by using a “haphazard, fragile, proprietary, centralized indexing server”, according to Multicoin Capital co-founder, Kyle Samani.
projects; DFINITY;	Although he still expects Ethereum (ETH) to remain the dominant platform for launching initial coin offerings (ICOs), Kamani recently remarked that other promising projects such as DFINITY and Cosmos will help create a more balanced market moving forward.
projects; Cosmos;	Although he still expects Ethereum (ETH) to remain the dominant platform for launching initial coin offerings (ICOs), Kamani recently remarked that other promising projects such as DFINITY and Cosmos will help create a more balanced market moving forward.
similar transactions; OTCs;	This letter by the financial services corporation is in response to the “Announcement on Preventing the Risk of Subsidy Issuance Financing” issued in September 2017 that termed OTCs and other similar transactions as illegal.
countries; Iran;	Presently, there is no indication of whether the proposed national cryptocurrency will act as a facilitator of trade between Iran and other countries.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	As recently reported by news media, Iran’s new plan of developing a national cryptocurrency called the ‘Crypto-Rial’, has given the country a change of heart concerning cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	As recently reported by news media, Iran’s new plan of developing a national cryptocurrency called the ‘Crypto-Rial’, has given the country a change of heart concerning cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This ban also stopped financial institutions from dealing with cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This, in turn, will give cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin a big boost and thereby bringing back those days when the top cryptocurrencies were trading at their apogee.
global cryptos; bitcoin;	The draft recognizes and authorizes global cryptos such as bitcoin and ether.
global cryptos; ether;	The draft recognizes and authorizes global cryptos such as bitcoin and ether.
global cryptos; bitcoin;	The draft also bars Iranians from holding large amounts of global cryptos such as bitcoin.
regional cryptocurrencies; development;	The draft also recognizes Iran’s own state-backed cryptocurrency, which is currently in development, and other regional cryptocurrencies.
Iranian financial institutions; Iranian banks;	The cryptocurrency is expected to facilitate payments between Iranian banks and other Iranian financial institutions active in the crypto space, and may eventually be used by the Iranian public to pay for local goods and services.
sectors; industry;	An earlier round of sanctions in May targeted Iran’s currency, aviation industry and other sectors, as President Donald Trump broke away from his predecessor Barack Obama’s engagement with Tehran.
global exchanges; Binance;	In the cryptocurrency realm, global exchanges such as Binance and Bittrex have unofficially dropped Iran from the list of supported countries to receive services.
global exchanges; Bittrex;	In the cryptocurrency realm, global exchanges such as Binance and Bittrex have unofficially dropped Iran from the list of supported countries to receive services.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	We were hoping the central bank’s stance would not again restrict the use of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in any way.”
several altcoins; Polymath;	This Tuesday, the Singapore-based crypto exchange KuCoin announced the delisting of several altcoins, including Polymath (POLY) and Substratum (SUB).
digital assets; Bitcoin;	The new terminals will allow customers to trade physical dollars for Bitcoin, Ether, and other digital assets.
digital assets; Ether;	The new terminals will allow customers to trade physical dollars for Bitcoin, Ether, and other digital assets.
startups; ErisX;	The popular American based Crypto exchange, Coinbase too is quite active in Chicago along with startups such as ErisX and SeedCX which are developing their own trading platforms.
startups; SeedCX;	The popular American based Crypto exchange, Coinbase too is quite active in Chicago along with startups such as ErisX and SeedCX which are developing their own trading platforms.
states; California;	The others are spread out across 21 other states including California, Iowa, Florida, and New Jersey.
states; Iowa;	The others are spread out across 21 other states including California, Iowa, Florida, and New Jersey.
states; Florida;	The others are spread out across 21 other states including California, Iowa, Florida, and New Jersey.
tools; payment;	In June 2018, the government announced it planned to launch a blockchain project called IndiaChain, which would ostensibly allow private and state entities to build tools such as payment apps while keeping track of huge amounts of data.
ERC20; Ether;	With stolen funds going to the same wallet connected to the initial hack, Elementus believes the thief responsible for yesterday's hack is also responsible for the first attack, which saw $16 million in Ether and other ERC20 tokens stolen over the course of five days.
ERC20; Ethereum;	As reported by Ethereum World News, on January 15 , Cryptopia suffered a hack in which more than $16 million worth of Ethereum and other ERC20 tokens were stolen.
services; mixing;	The report added; “A majority of illicit funds actually flow through either exchanges, or peer-to-peer exchanges, with the rest flowing through other conversion services such as mixing services, [Bitcoin] ATM’s and gambling sites,”
cases; supply;	The functionality of Waves’ smart accounts and smart assets can be applied in a variety of use cases, including supply chain management, verification of documentation, the organization of internal transactions, filing accounting reports and game development.
projects; several startups;	Microsoft has adopted an expanding policy and has been increasing its experience and knowledge by joining with several startups and other projects in the blockchain industry.
exchanges; %;	Gambling soared, encompassing a whopping 66%, while games stood at 10% and other exchanges at 24%.
exchanges; %;	Gambling on the platform constituted 47%, while gaming tucked in 28% and other exchanges at 25%.
related free knowledge; Wikipedia;	The Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit company that runs Wikipedia and other related free knowledge sites, are switching payment processors.
supported coins; Cash;	This is a step in the right direction and although there was no official reason given on why the foundation decided to shift camps from CoinBase—which can process Bitcoin Cash and other supported coins as Litecoin, it’s going to be a major boost for Bitcoin Cash.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
giants; Intercontinental;	Back in November, Singh had forecast that Bitcoin would hit $15,000 to $20,000 by the end of 2019, citing the upcoming entrance into crypto by leading financial sector giants such as Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) and Fidelity, who both have plans to launch their own crypto-based investment products.
informational websites; Wikipedia;	The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a US-based “non-profit and charitable organization” focused on acquiring funding for Wikipedia and other informational websites, has partnered with leading crypto payment processor, BitPay.
sites; Wikipedia;	The foundation aims to “create a world in which everyone can freely share in the sum of all knowledge.” However, accepting donations to help manage Wikipedia and other sites has been difficult as Wikimedia notes that the world’s payments ecosystem is “fractured.”
informational sources; Wikipedia;	Since it was first launched, Wikipedia and other informational sources managed by Wikimedia have been funded mainly through community donations.
assets; real estate;	The new product called Knox Wallet provides cold storage and a self-custody platform for managing multiple assets, including both cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (ETH) and Ethereum (ETH), as well as tokenized assets such as real estate, equity, or debt.
assets; equity;	The new product called Knox Wallet provides cold storage and a self-custody platform for managing multiple assets, including both cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (ETH) and Ethereum (ETH), as well as tokenized assets such as real estate, equity, or debt.
blockchain assets; bitcoin;	It can also hold blockchain assets such as bitcoin and ethereum.
blockchain assets; ethereum;	It can also hold blockchain assets such as bitcoin and ethereum.
Wallet; exchanges;	We expect a number of types of enterprises to use Knox Wallet, including exchanges that could use it to manage and administer assets trading on their platform.” said Borda.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	He also explained how digital securities differ from cryptos in that they tend to be less decentralized and have built-in restrictions for traders, while digital assets such as Bitcoin suffer from no such restrictions.
Wallet; exchanges;	They said they are expecting a number of types of enterprises to use Knox Wallet, including exchanges that could use it to manage and administer assets trading on their platform.
pharmaceuticals; fentanyl;	According to the Daily Mail, a nurse based out of California has been charged for diverting pharmaceuticals including fentanyl to the black market for Bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The use of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for darknet purchases is well known, and has in fact ‘doubled’ in the last year.
forms; activities;	Four cryptocurrency exchanges in South Korean just launched a new initiative to combat anti-money laundering activities and other forms of market manipulation.
several exchanges; Bittrex;	Last year, several exchanges, including Bittrex and Gemini, formed the Virtual Commodity Association Working Group, a self-regulatory body to improve standards and consumer protections.
several exchanges; Gemini;	Last year, several exchanges, including Bittrex and Gemini, formed the Virtual Commodity Association Working Group, a self-regulatory body to improve standards and consumer protections.
coins; Monero;	Litecoin core developers seem to become more interested in following the steps of privacy coins such as Monero (XMR) and Zcash (ZEC).
solutions; Atomic;	Or should the project wait for other privacy solutions such as Atomic Swaps or Mimble Wimble?
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
financial firms; mutual funds;	"Institutional clients represent a broad spectrum of financial firms, including mutual funds, investment managers, family offices, public and private retirement plans, registered investment advisers, insurance companies, corporations, endowments, and foundations.
financial firms; investment;	"Institutional clients represent a broad spectrum of financial firms, including mutual funds, investment managers, family offices, public and private retirement plans, registered investment advisers, insurance companies, corporations, endowments, and foundations.
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoroughly engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoroughly engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.
related services; execution;	More specifically, Fidelity has been planning since at least last year to offer offline, cold storage custody solutions for the major cryptocurrencies out there, starting with Bitcoin to test the waters, as well as trade execution, and other related services specific to investing in cryptocurrency.
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.
various setbacks; the persistent bearish trend;	The cryptocurrency industry has suffered from various setbacks including the persistent bearish trend that lasted throughout 2018.
this new market; the postponement;	Also, the recent government shutdown is accused of causing various delays in this new market including the postponement of the Bakkt launch.
world; Tom;	It has also acquired notable individuals from the crypto world including Tom Jessop who became the head of corporate business development over a year ago.
institutional investors; funds;	The company said that they would offer a wide range of crypto products aimed at hedge funds and other institutional investors.
factors; needs;	“Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors,” said the company.
factors; jurisdiction;	“Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors,” said the company.
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors,” Fidelity’s statement read.
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors,” Fidelity’s statement read.
institutional-grade investors; hedge;	These services, however, are aimed at institutional-grade investors such as hedge funds, market intermediaries, and family offices.
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors.”
institutional investors; professionals;	However, Wall Street professionals and other institutional investors have long been keen on working with large and established financial services firms.
various financial assets; gold;	Such firms include BNY Mellon, JPMorgan Chase, and Northern Trust that offer custody services for various financial assets such as gold, diamonds, securities, and money.
various financial assets; diamonds;	Such firms include BNY Mellon, JPMorgan Chase, and Northern Trust that offer custody services for various financial assets such as gold, diamonds, securities, and money.
various financial assets; securities;	Such firms include BNY Mellon, JPMorgan Chase, and Northern Trust that offer custody services for various financial assets such as gold, diamonds, securities, and money.
bitcoin; funds;	Now, per sources close to the matter, the financial services giant has made it clear it would officially launch bitcoin custody before the end of Q1 2019, the idea behind the move is to make it easier for institutional investors such as hedge funds and other bitcoin heavyweights to store their cryptoassets securely.
factors; needs;	In the coming months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors,”
factors; jurisdiction;	In the coming months, we will thoughtfully engage with and prioritize prospective clients based on needs, jurisdiction and other factors,”
firms; Coinbase;	Notably, a couple of firms including Coinbase currently help clients to store cryptos, and several other highly reputed companies have announced plans to venture into the ecosystem in recent times.
provider; Fidelity;	The firm then expressed the importance of its efforts, noting that FDAS’ risk, operations, and compliance teams have been hard at work creating “new benchmarks for this aspect of cryptographic and blockchain-based finance.” FDAS’ release added that its conversations with pro-crypto institutions ” underscore” the need for a trusted investment services provider such as Fidelity, which intends to offer trading and custody in the upcoming months.
factors; needs;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and stage prospective clients based on their needs, jurisdiction, and other factors.
factors; jurisdiction;	Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and stage prospective clients based on their needs, jurisdiction, and other factors.
institutional investors; market;	Earlier, Fidelity has already noted that their platform will provide custody and trade execution services for digital assets for institutional investors, including market intermediaries and hedge funds.
factors; needs;	“Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and stage prospective clients based on their needs, jurisdiction, and other factors.”
factors; jurisdiction;	“Over the next several months, we will thoughtfully engage with and stage prospective clients based on their needs, jurisdiction, and other factors.”
proponents; John;	Industry proponents such as John McAfee have gone so far as to say that decentralized exchanges will trigger the “largest economic boom in history.”
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	The Singapore-based exchange is a crypto-to-crypto trading platform which supports 30 cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, ether, litecoin, and bitcoin cash, among others.
–; an exchange;	SOC 2 reviews are a financial industry standard for determining if a service organization – such as an exchange – are up to speed on security compliance, and are equipped to keep customer’s funds safe.
regulators; the Securities;	Gemini co-founders Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss are early Bitcoin supports and are among the few executives who are working tirelessly to elevate the crypto industry both in the eyes of investors, as well as in the face of key financial market regulators such as the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
regulators; Exchange;	Gemini co-founders Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss are early Bitcoin supports and are among the few executives who are working tirelessly to elevate the crypto industry both in the eyes of investors, as well as in the face of key financial market regulators such as the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
traditional institutions; banks;	Gemini also insures USD deposits through the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that often insures the funds at traditional institutions such as banks and credit unions.
traditional institutions; credit;	Gemini also insures USD deposits through the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that often insures the funds at traditional institutions such as banks and credit unions.
virtual currencies; bitcoin;	Even with the falling prices of bitcoin and other virtual currencies powered by distributed ledger technology (DLT), cryptocurrency trading platforms remain prime targets for hackers, and only a few exchanges have been able to guard their systems against cyberpunks.
small balances; the BTT;	The post also noted that users should ensure they have not selected the “Hide small assets” in their Funds page so that they can see small balances such as the BTT airdrop they received.
community; Network;	WBTC is the result of a joint venture by BitGo, Ren (formerly Republic Protocol), Kyber Network, and other community partners.
DApps; Dharma;	DApps such as Dharma, Compound, dYdX, bZx, Gnosis, Set protocol Maker, and more, will now be able to leverage Bitcoin for margin trading, decentralized lending, and derivative markets.
DApps; Compound;	DApps such as Dharma, Compound, dYdX, bZx, Gnosis, Set protocol Maker, and more, will now be able to leverage Bitcoin for margin trading, decentralized lending, and derivative markets.
DApps; dYdX;	DApps such as Dharma, Compound, dYdX, bZx, Gnosis, Set protocol Maker, and more, will now be able to leverage Bitcoin for margin trading, decentralized lending, and derivative markets.
DApps; bZx;	DApps such as Dharma, Compound, dYdX, bZx, Gnosis, Set protocol Maker, and more, will now be able to leverage Bitcoin for margin trading, decentralized lending, and derivative markets.
DApps; Gnosis;	DApps such as Dharma, Compound, dYdX, bZx, Gnosis, Set protocol Maker, and more, will now be able to leverage Bitcoin for margin trading, decentralized lending, and derivative markets.
DApps; Set;	DApps such as Dharma, Compound, dYdX, bZx, Gnosis, Set protocol Maker, and more, will now be able to leverage Bitcoin for margin trading, decentralized lending, and derivative markets.
firms; Coinspect;	Additionally, the WBTC creators emphasize that the system’s smart contracts have been audited by several reputable third-party audit firms such as Coinspect, Solidified Technologies, and Chainsecurity.
firms; Solidified;	Additionally, the WBTC creators emphasize that the system’s smart contracts have been audited by several reputable third-party audit firms such as Coinspect, Solidified Technologies, and Chainsecurity.
types; stablecoins;	The crypto economy has seen many newly introduced stablecoins and other types of smart assets like RSK Labs’ smart bitcoins, and Blockstream’s federated system Liquid.
new vulnerabilities; Fake;	This has proven to be problematic because some of the design ideas are copied over insecurely and lead to new vulnerabilities such as Fake Stake attacks.
related business; Corda;	Business: Provision of DLT platform Corda, and other related business
top financial institutions; Bank;	SBI Holdings was part of the group that included top financial institutions such as Bank of America, Merrill Lynch, HSBC, ING, Banco Bradesco, Itaú Unibanco, Natixis, Barclays, UBS and Wells Fargo.
Corda; R3;	promote collaboration with overseas offices of R3 and other Corda partners.
games; keno;	This section features games such as keno, bingo, scratch cards.
games; bingo;	This section features games such as keno, bingo, scratch cards.
games; scratch;	This section features games such as keno, bingo, scratch cards.
many digital currencies; XRP;	The R3 app is gaining more user base than Ripple since it supports many digital currencies including XRP.
mechanisms; GPI;	All trade platforms require tight linkages with trusted, fast and secure cross-border payments mechanisms such as GPI.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Source: Coin360The price jump following news that Ripple rival Swift will link to R3’s Corda Settler, which uses a distributed ledger to settle transactions between traditional assets and cryptocurrencies such as XRP.
“ cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In November, Largarde said that “cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple are vying for a spot in the cashless world, constantly reinventing themselves in the hope of offering more stable value, and quicker, cheaper settlement.”
“ cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	In November, Largarde said that “cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple are vying for a spot in the cashless world, constantly reinventing themselves in the hope of offering more stable value, and quicker, cheaper settlement.”
illicit activities; guns;	Bitcoin has been criticized before for being used by underground websites on the dark web for dealing in guns, drugs and other illicit activities.
illicit activities; drugs;	Bitcoin has been criticized before for being used by underground websites on the dark web for dealing in guns, drugs and other illicit activities.
several countries; the US;	Hamas, which controls Gaza, operates in financial isolation, cut off from aid and support, and listed as a terrorist organization by several countries, including the US and the European Union.
several countries; the European;	Hamas, which controls Gaza, operates in financial isolation, cut off from aid and support, and listed as a terrorist organization by several countries, including the US and the European Union.
countries; Venezuela;	While the idea of using Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies has spread to countries such as Venezuela, where embattled President Nicolás Maduro has been trying to avoid US sanctions and control government assets, a Bitcoin-fundraising tactic belies secret operations and covert endorsements, as Bitcoin is an open ledger that can be publicly viewed and tracked.
illegal substances; drugs;	Its degree of security and anonymity has often been used by many to sell or procure illegal substances such as drugs, weapons, and adult paraphernalia.
illegal substances; weapons;	Its degree of security and anonymity has often been used by many to sell or procure illegal substances such as drugs, weapons, and adult paraphernalia.
tokens; XRP;	Adding tokens such as XRP, EOS, TRON, and now XLM this month alone assertively underlines our credentials as a bonafide platform for the trading of high-profile tokens,” concluded Cowan.
tokens; EOS;	Adding tokens such as XRP, EOS, TRON, and now XLM this month alone assertively underlines our credentials as a bonafide platform for the trading of high-profile tokens,” concluded Cowan.
tokens; TRON;	Adding tokens such as XRP, EOS, TRON, and now XLM this month alone assertively underlines our credentials as a bonafide platform for the trading of high-profile tokens,” concluded Cowan.
cryptocurrencies; Petro;	He even brought up the topics of Venezuela and Argentina where the failing economy was the main reason for people to turn to cryptocurrencies such as Petro.
virtual currencies; BTC;	According to the U.S. company’s Q4 Digital Asset Lending Snapshot published Jan. 30, the loans were issued to corporate borrowers such as hedge funds and trading firms mainly in the form of BTC, ETH and other virtual currencies.
virtual currencies; ETH;	According to the U.S. company’s Q4 Digital Asset Lending Snapshot published Jan. 30, the loans were issued to corporate borrowers such as hedge funds and trading firms mainly in the form of BTC, ETH and other virtual currencies.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	A few other cryptocurrencies, including XRP and LTC, accounted for the remainder of the loans advanced throughout Q4.
cryptocurrencies; LTC;	A few other cryptocurrencies, including XRP and LTC, accounted for the remainder of the loans advanced throughout Q4.
cases; arbitrage;	“Prior to Q4, 98 percent of BTC on loan was used exclusively for hedged use cases such as arbitrage, basis capture, and remittance,” detailed the lender.
cases; basis;	“Prior to Q4, 98 percent of BTC on loan was used exclusively for hedged use cases such as arbitrage, basis capture, and remittance,” detailed the lender.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Though prices of cryptocurrencies, including  Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, and other major crypto assets, started falling already at the beginning of the previous year, the last months of 2018, when the price of Bitcoin fell 39%, turned out to be rather busy for Genesis.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Though prices of cryptocurrencies, including  Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, and other major crypto assets, started falling already at the beginning of the previous year, the last months of 2018, when the price of Bitcoin fell 39%, turned out to be rather busy for Genesis.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Though prices of cryptocurrencies, including  Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, and other major crypto assets, started falling already at the beginning of the previous year, the last months of 2018, when the price of Bitcoin fell 39%, turned out to be rather busy for Genesis.
fiat; USD;	They mentioned that there was an increase in demand for lending in USD and other fiat currencies by their institutional clients.
virtual currencies; address bitcoin;	Moreover, she put the onus on the legislature to create statues that more specifically address bitcoin and other virtual currencies:
any means; transmission;	Pointing to chapter 560 of the Florida Statutes, it explained that the state defines "money transmitter" as "a corporation, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, or foreign entity qualified to do business in this state which receives currency, monetary value, or payment instruments for the purpose of transmitting the same by any means, including transmission by wire, facsimile, electronic transfer, courier, the Internet, or though bill payment services or other businesses that facilitate such transfer within this country, or to or from this country."
exchanges; Bittrex;	Such is the headache for some businesses looking to serve the US market, exchanges including Bittrex and Coinbase have opted to segregate their domestic and non-domestic audiences by setting up entirely separate platforms.
exchanges; Coinbase;	Such is the headache for some businesses looking to serve the US market, exchanges including Bittrex and Coinbase have opted to segregate their domestic and non-domestic audiences by setting up entirely separate platforms.
federal law; officers;	Five years ago Michell Espinoza was arrested for illegal money transmission for selling bitcoins to Miami police officers and other federal law enforcement officials.
decentralized payment; Bitcoin;	With Bitcoin and other decentralized payment networks, no such entities are necessary and any transaction costs are wholly voluntary on the user's part.
means; STOs;	Currently, Y2X is the undisputed digitally-friendly merchant and investment bank leader in the assistance of entrepreneurs to raise the necessary capital for their expansion through STOs and other means.
“ cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Back in November 2018, she said that “cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple are vying for a spot in the cashless world, constantly reinventing themselves in the hope of offering more stable value, and quicker, cheaper settlement.”
“ cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Back in November 2018, she said that “cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple are vying for a spot in the cashless world, constantly reinventing themselves in the hope of offering more stable value, and quicker, cheaper settlement.”
prominent individuals; Lagarde;	Positive statements from prominent individuals such as Lagarde continue to be highly welcomed by the community and continues to impact price movement.
financial institutions; banks;	Frances Coppola stated that banks and other financial institutions wouldn’t take a leap of faith in trusting a token that they cannot control.
global exchanges; plans;	BxB Inc. is reported to be in ongoing discussions with South Korean and global exchanges, including plans to announce additional listings during Q1 2019.
Indicators; MACD;	Indicators such as MACD, Awesome Oscillator, Parabolic SAR, CMF and Klinger Oscillator, all demonstrate ADA’s price momentum in the bear zone.
Indicators; Awesome;	Indicators such as MACD, Awesome Oscillator, Parabolic SAR, CMF and Klinger Oscillator, all demonstrate ADA’s price momentum in the bear zone.
crypto companies; Bitmain;	In recent months a number of crypto companies including Bitmain, ConsenSys, Huobi and Blockfolio have downsized and cut staff in the midst of the ever deepening crypto winter.
crypto companies; ConsenSys;	In recent months a number of crypto companies including Bitmain, ConsenSys, Huobi and Blockfolio have downsized and cut staff in the midst of the ever deepening crypto winter.
crypto companies; Huobi;	In recent months a number of crypto companies including Bitmain, ConsenSys, Huobi and Blockfolio have downsized and cut staff in the midst of the ever deepening crypto winter.
crypto companies; Blockfolio;	In recent months a number of crypto companies including Bitmain, ConsenSys, Huobi and Blockfolio have downsized and cut staff in the midst of the ever deepening crypto winter.
companies; Bitmain;	Today’s announcement did not confirm major staff layoffs, setting it apart from those that afflicted companies such as Bitmain, Shapeshift and ConsenSys in recent weeks.
companies; Shapeshift;	Today’s announcement did not confirm major staff layoffs, setting it apart from those that afflicted companies such as Bitmain, Shapeshift and ConsenSys in recent weeks.
companies; ConsenSys;	Today’s announcement did not confirm major staff layoffs, setting it apart from those that afflicted companies such as Bitmain, Shapeshift and ConsenSys in recent weeks.
cryptoassets; tokens;	Former NEM foundation president, Lon Wong had expressed confidence about NEM’s potential in an interview in February 2018 - when the market capitalization of XEM tokens and other cryptoassets were considerably higher.
projects; Ecobit;	Notably, a blockchain developer who had been working under NEM’s previous management team, revealed that the foundation’s former president, Wong, had been promoting what the developer thinks are questionable ICO projects, including Ecobit and ProximaX.
projects; ProximaX;	Notably, a blockchain developer who had been working under NEM’s previous management team, revealed that the foundation’s former president, Wong, had been promoting what the developer thinks are questionable ICO projects, including Ecobit and ProximaX.
adjacent areas; smart cities;	“This collaboration will include services applicable to Energy and adjacent areas such as smart cities, smart buildings and mobility,” the blog post continues:
adjacent areas; smart buildings;	“This collaboration will include services applicable to Energy and adjacent areas such as smart cities, smart buildings and mobility,” the blog post continues:
adjacent areas; mobility;	“This collaboration will include services applicable to Energy and adjacent areas such as smart cities, smart buildings and mobility,” the blog post continues:
processing; BitMART;	Simlex also helps several other crypto companies with debit/credit card processing, including BitMART Exchange, Xaro, BTCC, and Changelly.
the regular personal information; name;	Once on Simplex, the secure site asks for the regular personal information such as name, email, phone number and billing address.
the regular personal information; email;	Once on Simplex, the secure site asks for the regular personal information such as name, email, phone number and billing address.
the regular personal information; phone;	Once on Simplex, the secure site asks for the regular personal information such as name, email, phone number and billing address.
platforms; wallets;	The firm works wilt a variety of large crypto exchanges as well as wallets and other platforms.
exchanges; Citigroup;	Many major banks and exchanges such as Citigroup, JP Morgan, Lloyds bank and Coinbase restricted users from buying Cryptocurrencies with credit cards.
exchanges; JP;	Many major banks and exchanges such as Citigroup, JP Morgan, Lloyds bank and Coinbase restricted users from buying Cryptocurrencies with credit cards.
certain jurisdictions; New;	Further Simplex could restrict users from certain jurisdictions such as New York, Hawaii, Cuba, and Iraq from using their platform.
countries; Cuba;	The option is disabled in a handful of countries, including Cuba, Iraq Afghanistan and Libya.
countries; Iraq;	The option is disabled in a handful of countries, including Cuba, Iraq Afghanistan and Libya.
major crypto; Bitcoin;	Binance, the world’s largest crypto exchange by daily trading volume, enabled credit card payments on its platform to allow users to purchase Bitcoin and other major crypto assets using Visa and Mastercard.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Less than two weeks since the launch of Binance Jersey, through a processing company called Simplex, Binance officially enabled credit card purchases of cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Litecoin (LTC), Ethereum (ETH), and Ripple (XRP).
companies; Binance;	Over time, as major crypto companies including Binance strengthen the infrastructure surrounding the asset class and offer more fiat on-ramps, analysts expect the adoption of cryptocurrencies to increase.
platforms; Abra;	If that name sounds familiar, its because Simplex has provided direct card purchase functionality for numerous other platforms, including Abra and Changelly.
platforms; Changelly;	If that name sounds familiar, its because Simplex has provided direct card purchase functionality for numerous other platforms, including Abra and Changelly.
some countries; Cuba;	The option is disabled in some countries including Cuba, Libya, Iraq Afghanistan and in the US all states are supported but six of them: New York, Connecticut, Hawaii, Georgia, New Mexico, and Washington excluded.
some countries; Libya;	The option is disabled in some countries including Cuba, Libya, Iraq Afghanistan and in the US all states are supported but six of them: New York, Connecticut, Hawaii, Georgia, New Mexico, and Washington excluded.
some countries; Iraq;	The option is disabled in some countries including Cuba, Libya, Iraq Afghanistan and in the US all states are supported but six of them: New York, Connecticut, Hawaii, Georgia, New Mexico, and Washington excluded.
blockchain-related frontier; ”;	“distributed storage” and other blockchain-related frontier topics.”
several new functions; the ability;	The new NEO CLI comes with several new functions including the ability to start a service in Windows and new CLI commands.
cryptocurrencies; Tezos;	 According to the announcement, Staked provides the secure infrastructure required for staking and the company’s services currently support 6 cryptocurrencies including Tezos (XTZ), Dash (DASH), Decred (DCR), Livepeer (LPT), Factom (FCT), and EOS (EOS).
forms; wash trading;	Nasdaq has unveiled its comprehensive onboarding process for Bitcoin exchanges looking to use its proprietary surveillance tools as part of efforts to combat wash trading and other forms of market manipulation.
questions; “;	It contains questions such as “How reputable are the products?” and “What are the founders’ backgrounds?”
various products; SMARTS;	The technology, which has various products including SMARTS (which was adopted by Gemini), enables Bitcoin exchanges to identify fraudulent trading patterns.
significant institutions; the SEC;	According to more experts, the other essential ingredient is more clarity and regulation coming from the SEC and other significant institutions.
financial regulations; KYC;	Sio indicated in the interview that Nasdaq will have a preference for working with established exchanges who are fully compliant with US financial regulations, including KYC and AML measures that are controversial among many privacy advocates.
financial regulations; AML;	Sio indicated in the interview that Nasdaq will have a preference for working with established exchanges who are fully compliant with US financial regulations, including KYC and AML measures that are controversial among many privacy advocates.
exchanges; the Circle-owned;	Crypto exchanges such as the Circle-owned Poloniex exchange and Coinbase publicly post their asset listing process to ensure full transparency and authenticity.
market; institutional investors;	Therefore, crypto exchanges that manage to partner with Nasdaq and utilize their powerful market monitoring technology will be an attractive option for institutional investors and other market participants.
unusual things; spikes;	Even more, to distract IOTA admins as to what was happening, he established a DDOS diversion which caused network traffic spikes and other unusual things.
illegal counts; theft;	Last week, British police arrested the Oxford man on a number of illegal counts, including theft, money laundering, and suspicion of fraud.
illegal counts; money;	Last week, British police arrested the Oxford man on a number of illegal counts, including theft, money laundering, and suspicion of fraud.
materials; white papers;	The findings were corroborated by marketing materials such as white papers, written in Korean.
investors; financial statements;	Moreover, the agency’s research found some ICO projects didn’t reveal important information to investors, including financial statements.
investors; financial statements;	The FSC has also accused some of the projects of concealing material information from investors including financial statements and company profiles.
investors; company;	The FSC has also accused some of the projects of concealing material information from investors including financial statements and company profiles.
jurisdictions; Switzerland;	The recommendation by South Korea’s parliament to legalize ICOs was in response to reports that domestic firms were fleeing to friendlier jurisdictions such as Switzerland and Singapore.
jurisdictions; Singapore;	The recommendation by South Korea’s parliament to legalize ICOs was in response to reports that domestic firms were fleeing to friendlier jurisdictions such as Switzerland and Singapore.
trading; permission;	We will also establish a legal basis for cryptocurrency trading, including permission of ICOs, through the National Assembly Standing Committee.
employees; the executive;	They have established subsidiaries abroad, such as in Singapore, with less than 10 million won (~$8,945) in capital and an average of only three employees including the executive of the local company.
activities; the issuance;	The FSS has also found cases of illegal ICO activities such as the issuance and trading of security tokens as well as the selling of investment funds, the government detailed.
activities; trading;	The FSS has also found cases of illegal ICO activities such as the issuance and trading of security tokens as well as the selling of investment funds, the government detailed.
countries; Singapore;	According to the official statement from FSC, many South Korean companies are establishing shell firms in such countries as Singapore and Switzerland, where crypto friendly jurisdiction allows them to circumvent the ICO ban.
countries; Switzerland;	According to the official statement from FSC, many South Korean companies are establishing shell firms in such countries as Singapore and Switzerland, where crypto friendly jurisdiction allows them to circumvent the ICO ban.
thing; STO;	There is such thing as STO — Security Token Offering.
noted publications; The Guardian;	Citing the claims mentioned above, both of which have been repeated by noted publications such as The Guardian and The Independent, Sharatt says all the data behind such reports emerge from one source, a blog titled ‘Digiconomist,’ a source he says is ‘unscientific’ and ‘unethical.’
noted publications; The Independent;	Citing the claims mentioned above, both of which have been repeated by noted publications such as The Guardian and The Independent, Sharatt says all the data behind such reports emerge from one source, a blog titled ‘Digiconomist,’ a source he says is ‘unscientific’ and ‘unethical.’
centralized authority; banks;	Decentralization: As you probably know already, cryptocurrencies are not subject to any kind of centralized authority such as banks or governments.
centralized authority; governments;	Decentralization: As you probably know already, cryptocurrencies are not subject to any kind of centralized authority such as banks or governments.
Many cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Many cryptocurrencies, especially Bitcoin, have been experiencing major ups and downs price-wise.
brands; Business;	Axel Springer SE is the biggest digital publishing company in Europe, containing a number of media news brands including Business Insider, Rolling Stone and others.
organizations; Google;	Through an investment of $350,000, ConsenSys joined leading publishing industry organizations such as Google News, The Lenfest Institute for Journalism and The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation.
trading; UpBit;	BTT is currently only being traded on Binance with a host of other exchanges lining up to offer BTT trading including UpBit, OKEx, CoinTiger, starting from today.
trading; OKEx;	BTT is currently only being traded on Binance with a host of other exchanges lining up to offer BTT trading including UpBit, OKEx, CoinTiger, starting from today.
trading; CoinTiger;	BTT is currently only being traded on Binance with a host of other exchanges lining up to offer BTT trading including UpBit, OKEx, CoinTiger, starting from today.
popular crypto; early January;	In fact, in early January, Binance, OKex, and other popular crypto exchanges announced that they would be supporting the token on their trading platforms.
popular crypto; Binance;	In fact, in early January, Binance, OKex, and other popular crypto exchanges announced that they would be supporting the token on their trading platforms.
popular crypto; OKex;	In fact, in early January, Binance, OKex, and other popular crypto exchanges announced that they would be supporting the token on their trading platforms.
malware; coinminers;	'There are a lot of coinminers and other malware in the wild and targeting credentials or cookies stored in browsers is not new.
data; exchanges;	A new form of malware steals cookies from cryptocurrency exchanges and other data in an attempt to hack user accounts, cybersecurity research team Palo Alto Networks reported on Jan. 31.
financial operations; international payments;	SBI outlines the implementation of technologies by Ripple (XRP) and blockchain consortium R3 as a major part of its strategy to enable a global standard for financial operations such as international payments and trade finance.
financial operations; trade;	SBI outlines the implementation of technologies by Ripple (XRP) and blockchain consortium R3 as a major part of its strategy to enable a global standard for financial operations such as international payments and trade finance.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Earlier in December, SBI Holdings-founded crypto exchange Vctrade started accepting deposits in major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), and Ripple (XRP).
criteria; market;	We will also enable trading in further cryptocurrencies, which will be selected considering criteria such as market capitalization, customer interest and whether they can be kept in safe custody.”
decacorns; Uber;	The exchange is envisaged to provide access to high-growth startups and decacorns such as Uber, Grab and Space X. Hg Exchange has applied for the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) FinTech Regulatory Sandbox – typically this approval takes a few weeks to a few months.
decacorns; Grab;	The exchange is envisaged to provide access to high-growth startups and decacorns such as Uber, Grab and Space X. Hg Exchange has applied for the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) FinTech Regulatory Sandbox – typically this approval takes a few weeks to a few months.
decacorns; Space;	The exchange is envisaged to provide access to high-growth startups and decacorns such as Uber, Grab and Space X. Hg Exchange has applied for the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) FinTech Regulatory Sandbox – typically this approval takes a few weeks to a few months.
hyper-inflation; the recent situation;	The panel had been discussing cases of hyper-inflation, including the recent situation in Venezuela, which has seen the country turn increasingly towards Dash (DASH) as a payment method.
concerns; market;	With the new application, CBOE has sought to address concerns such as market volatility, liquidity and price manipulations, factors that have contributed to the SEC turning down previous ETF applications, such as the one filed by the Winklevoss brothers.
fundamental questions; scalability;	Ethereum 2.0, also known as Serenity, is planned to be the system’s final upgrade, as the entire network transitions from a proof-of-work (PoW) to a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus algorithm, and tackles fundamental questions such as scalability, economic finality and security.
fundamental questions; economic finality;	Ethereum 2.0, also known as Serenity, is planned to be the system’s final upgrade, as the entire network transitions from a proof-of-work (PoW) to a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus algorithm, and tackles fundamental questions such as scalability, economic finality and security.
fundamental questions; security;	Ethereum 2.0, also known as Serenity, is planned to be the system’s final upgrade, as the entire network transitions from a proof-of-work (PoW) to a proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus algorithm, and tackles fundamental questions such as scalability, economic finality and security.
clients; Parity;	Gorli — an open-source, community-built initiative — will reportedly be instrumental in synching other major Ethereum clients such as Parity, Geth, Nethermind, Pantheon and EthereumJS.
clients; Geth;	Gorli — an open-source, community-built initiative — will reportedly be instrumental in synching other major Ethereum clients such as Parity, Geth, Nethermind, Pantheon and EthereumJS.
clients; Nethermind;	Gorli — an open-source, community-built initiative — will reportedly be instrumental in synching other major Ethereum clients such as Parity, Geth, Nethermind, Pantheon and EthereumJS.
clients; Pantheon;	Gorli — an open-source, community-built initiative — will reportedly be instrumental in synching other major Ethereum clients such as Parity, Geth, Nethermind, Pantheon and EthereumJS.
clients; EthereumJS;	Gorli — an open-source, community-built initiative — will reportedly be instrumental in synching other major Ethereum clients such as Parity, Geth, Nethermind, Pantheon and EthereumJS.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Although cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin and Bitcoin have seen a history of surging prices within two years of each halving, some say that halving itself hasn’t had a significant impact on the prices.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Although cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin and Bitcoin have seen a history of surging prices within two years of each halving, some say that halving itself hasn’t had a significant impact on the prices.
a coin; Litecoin;	Finally, a coin such as Litecoin doesn’t exist in a vacuum.
individuals; automated payment;	The company offers a range of blockchain-focused services for businesses and individuals, including automated payment processing and brokerage services.
additional cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In addition to XRP, CoinGate supports dozens of additional cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, Stellar, Litecoin and Tron.
additional cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	In addition to XRP, CoinGate supports dozens of additional cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, Stellar, Litecoin and Tron.
additional cryptocurrencies; EOS;	In addition to XRP, CoinGate supports dozens of additional cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, Stellar, Litecoin and Tron.
additional cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In addition to XRP, CoinGate supports dozens of additional cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, Stellar, Litecoin and Tron.
solutions; xCurrent;	Meanwhile, Ripple says it’s focused on hiring developers who can help its customers integrate the company’s suite of payment solutions such as xCurrent and the XRP-powered xRapid.
solutions; the XRP-powered xRapid;	Meanwhile, Ripple says it’s focused on hiring developers who can help its customers integrate the company’s suite of payment solutions such as xCurrent and the XRP-powered xRapid.
e-wallets; Neteller;	Unregistered users can buy XRP with a debit/credit card, or with e-wallets such as Neteller or Skrill.
e-wallets; Skrill;	Unregistered users can buy XRP with a debit/credit card, or with e-wallets such as Neteller or Skrill.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	If it becomes law, cryptos such as Bitcoin, XRP and more will become subject to the same laws as money.
cryptos; XRP;	If it becomes law, cryptos such as Bitcoin, XRP and more will become subject to the same laws as money.
crypto; GPUs;	Ethereum core developer Hudson Jameson declared during the call that “there is a group forming or multiple groups forming to perform an independent audit on ProgPoW.” He explained that the audit is an attempt to establish how effective the algorithm would be in leveling the playing field for different kinds of hardware used to mine crypto, including GPUs, Field-Programmable Gate Arrays and ASICs.
crypto; Field-Programmable Gate;	Ethereum core developer Hudson Jameson declared during the call that “there is a group forming or multiple groups forming to perform an independent audit on ProgPoW.” He explained that the audit is an attempt to establish how effective the algorithm would be in leveling the playing field for different kinds of hardware used to mine crypto, including GPUs, Field-Programmable Gate Arrays and ASICs.
subjects; the network;	Per previous reports from this outlet, early last month, Ethereum (ETH) developers convened in a meeting that glossed over a number of subjects, including the network’s ASIC-resistant qualities.
key developers; Zelenka;	The discussion led by Hudson Jameson, the communications officer of the Foundation, included Afri Schoedon, Lane Rettig, Martin Holst Swende, Ben Burns, Zak Cole, Brooklyn Zelenka and other key developers of the foundation.
employees; the family;	Note: the people trying to pull off a QuadrigaCX exit scam could actually be the family and other employees, by hiding the fact that the cold wallet keys _are_ known.__Not__ saying this is happening, but need to consider all possibilities fairly in the investigation.
Bitcoin; Microsoft;	There are currently around 11 major online retailers accepting Bitcoin, including Microsoft who started excepting digital gold for Xbox purchases back in 2014.
several cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Similarly Overstock - a company which sells anything from electronics to health and beauty items-  accepts several cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Monero
several cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Similarly Overstock - a company which sells anything from electronics to health and beauty items-  accepts several cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Monero
several cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Similarly Overstock - a company which sells anything from electronics to health and beauty items-  accepts several cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Monero
several cryptocurrencies; Dash;	Similarly Overstock - a company which sells anything from electronics to health and beauty items-  accepts several cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Monero
whereas companies; Paypal;	This is true because cryptocurrencies can be used to pay for goods and services from any part of the world, whereas companies such as Paypal, Stripe and a host of others are only available in a number of countries, thus denying millions of potential customers access to goods and services on the internet.
whereas companies; Stripe;	This is true because cryptocurrencies can be used to pay for goods and services from any part of the world, whereas companies such as Paypal, Stripe and a host of others are only available in a number of countries, thus denying millions of potential customers access to goods and services on the internet.
whereas companies; a host;	This is true because cryptocurrencies can be used to pay for goods and services from any part of the world, whereas companies such as Paypal, Stripe and a host of others are only available in a number of countries, thus denying millions of potential customers access to goods and services on the internet.
companies; Amazon;	Not only will adoption of cryptocurrencies grant more consumers access to the online market, but it will also expand the customer base of companies such as Amazon.
payments; NewEgg;	Currently, there are many other online retailers that do accept bitcoin payments including NewEgg, Expedia, the Dish Network, and Shopify stores.
payments; Expedia;	Currently, there are many other online retailers that do accept bitcoin payments including NewEgg, Expedia, the Dish Network, and Shopify stores.
payments; the Dish;	Currently, there are many other online retailers that do accept bitcoin payments including NewEgg, Expedia, the Dish Network, and Shopify stores.
top currencies; Bitcoin;	Investors and enthusiasts of cryptocurrency would hope to see the online retail giant integrate Bitcoin and other top currencies into their marketplace, as opposed to outright developing a new coin.
social media; Twitter;	While further reports on the matter claim that the sum has been handed over to the Ontario Superior Court, which will see a judge determine what to do with the funds, many distressed investors have still taken to Twitter, Reddit, and other social media outlets en-masse that they have yet to receive their Bitcoin and fiat withdrawals.
social media; Reddit;	While further reports on the matter claim that the sum has been handed over to the Ontario Superior Court, which will see a judge determine what to do with the funds, many distressed investors have still taken to Twitter, Reddit, and other social media outlets en-masse that they have yet to receive their Bitcoin and fiat withdrawals.
web-based platforms; Reddit;	In the filing, Robertson said that there had been a “significant amount of commentary on Reddit and other web-based platforms about Quadriga, Gerry’s death (including whether he is dead) and missing coins.”
illicit activities; terrorism;	They may have been blocked, as they contravene Coinbase's policies regarding funding of terrorism and other illicit activities.
innovative products; the technology;	This became the primary reason for which they decided it’s time to move on to innovative products such as the technology that’s used by Ripple.
indicators; the Parabolic;	While the one-hour chart using indicators such as the Parabolic SAR and RSI have suggested a significant advantage to the bulls, the longer-term, one-day chart suggests that although Litecoin is still a long way from overhauling the previous downtrend, the bulls have the momentum.
official businesses; exchanges;	The move gives regulators overarching power concerning cryptocurrency exchanges and other official businesses, but controlling P2P services, such as Finnish Localbitcoins, all but impossible.
cryptocurrencies; mining;	Those who operate or perform any type of activity related to the constitution, issuance, organization, operation and use of (Petro) or cryptocurrencies, including mining, without the proper authorization of the governing body and in breach of the other formalities required by this Constituent Decree, they will be sanctioned with a fine equivalent to 100 to 300 (Petro).
crypto; houses;	“[Sunacrip] will exercise the broadest powers within the legal and constitutional framework, to regulate the creation, issuance, organization, operation and use of crypto assets, and consequently, to regulate the operation of the exchange houses and other crypto asset financial services, as well as activities associated with digital mining.”
financial services; houses;	According to article 11 of the law, Sunacrip will be able to coordinate and monitor records of digital miners, exchange houses and other financial services that deal with crypto assets.
assets; mining;	“Those who operate or perform any type of activity related to the constitution, issuance, organization, operation and use of sovereign crypto assets or [other] crypto assets, including mining, without the due authorization of the governing body and in breach of the other formalities required by this constituent decree, will be sanctioned with a fine equivalent to 100 to 300 sovereign crypto assets.”
Guaidó; the UK;	It is joined by over 20 countries that support Guaidó, including the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and most of South America.
Guaidó; Canada;	It is joined by over 20 countries that support Guaidó, including the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and most of South America.
Guaidó; France;	It is joined by over 20 countries that support Guaidó, including the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and most of South America.
Guaidó; Germany;	It is joined by over 20 countries that support Guaidó, including the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and most of South America.
Guaidó; Austria;	It is joined by over 20 countries that support Guaidó, including the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and most of South America.
Guaidó; Sweden;	It is joined by over 20 countries that support Guaidó, including the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and most of South America.
Guaidó; Denmark;	It is joined by over 20 countries that support Guaidó, including the UK, Canada, France, Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark and most of South America.
available data; “ attribution;	The regulator is seeking a service for acquiring data on the “most widely used blockchain ledgers, including the universe of available information and transaction details.” The desired sources should provide the SEC with the capability to derive insights from available data, including “attribution data (i.e.
metrics; the data;	The SEC is also looking for information on which of the most popular digital assets data can be provided on, options for data sharing and data transmission, processes and tools used to aggregate and compile the data, and other metrics mentioned in the document.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
available data; attribution;	The US Securities and Exchange Commission is searching for companies that can provide blockchain data to provide the SEC with the capability to derive insights from available data, including attribution data, which means the SEC will know to whom a particular address belongs.
ledgers; the universe;	'The SEC is seeking information for potential sources to support the goal of acquiring data for the most widely used blockchain ledgers, including the universe of available information and transaction details', the report reads.
the available data; attribution;	Provide capability to derive insights from the available data, including attribution data (i.e.
shoe brands; Puma;	Sabotage’, a shoe artist that has been behind designs for shoe brands such as Puma, Nike, and Asics.
shoe brands; Nike;	Sabotage’, a shoe artist that has been behind designs for shoe brands such as Puma, Nike, and Asics.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	“If Bitcoin and other digital currencies are going to be allowed to be used for payments then whether it will end up destabilising the fiat currency is a major concern for them [the committee].”
digital currencies; bitcoin;	“If bitcoin and other digital currencies are going to be allowed to be used for payments then whether it will end up destabilizing the fiat currency is a major concern for them.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	“If bitcoin and other digital currencies are going to be allowed to be used for payments, then whether it will end up destabilizing the fiat currency is a major concern for them [the Garg panel].
currency; the dollar;	“You can’t buy goods and services in India using any other currency such as the dollar, pound or even gold and it needs to be converted first into rupee to complete payments, a stance that can also be adopted for cryptocurrencies.”
currency; pound;	“You can’t buy goods and services in India using any other currency such as the dollar, pound or even gold and it needs to be converted first into rupee to complete payments, a stance that can also be adopted for cryptocurrencies.”
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Following the ban, the Indian government set up a committee to look into the ban as well as study the larger effect of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin in the Indian economy.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Mr. Garg and his team found that banks are worried that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies might destabilize India’s currency, the Rupee.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	“If bitcoin and other digital currencies are going to be allowed to be used for payments then whether it will end up destabilizing the fiat currency is a major concern for them (the Garg panel),” said one of the representatives from the cryptocurrency ecosystem who recently met the ministers, requesting anonymity.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Reserve Bank of India’s fears is based on a report released by the Bank of International Settlement (Central Bank for countries Central Bank) which states that although Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies can be issued by Central Banks for settling payments, they can also destabilize traditional banks.
various central banks; the Reserve;	The quote comes after the Bank of International Settlements (BIS) — an international financial institution owned by various central banks, including the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) — published a report claiming that cryptocurrencies and the like could feasibly destabilize the traditional banking structure around the world.
major cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Currently, there are many online sportsbooks and betting platforms that accept major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, bitcoin cash (BCH), ether (ETH), and Dash (DASH).
major blockchain-based platforms; EOS;	Moreover, major blockchain-based platforms such as EOS and Tron are mainly being used to launch gambling-related dApps.
major blockchain-based platforms; Tron;	Moreover, major blockchain-based platforms such as EOS and Tron are mainly being used to launch gambling-related dApps.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Overall, Travala has now adopted a total of 47 cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum (ETH) and the platform’s native cryptocurrency Travala (AVA).
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Overall, Travala has now adopted a total of 47 cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum (ETH) and the platform’s native cryptocurrency Travala (AVA).
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Overall, Travala has now adopted a total of 47 cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum (ETH) and the platform’s native cryptocurrency Travala (AVA).
rails; PayPal;	By integrating fiat payments on the platform, the company can pull in travelers who use traditional payment rails such as PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discovery, and effectively give crypto options exposure to the mainstream.
rails; Visa;	By integrating fiat payments on the platform, the company can pull in travelers who use traditional payment rails such as PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discovery, and effectively give crypto options exposure to the mainstream.
rails; Mastercard;	By integrating fiat payments on the platform, the company can pull in travelers who use traditional payment rails such as PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discovery, and effectively give crypto options exposure to the mainstream.
rails; American;	By integrating fiat payments on the platform, the company can pull in travelers who use traditional payment rails such as PayPal, Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discovery, and effectively give crypto options exposure to the mainstream.
crypto payments; BNB;	The platform accepts crypto payments, including BNB.
exchanges; Coinsetter;	Before Crypto Facilities, Kraken had acquired major Bitcoin exchanges such as Coinsetter, Cavirtex, and CleverCoin.
exchanges; Cavirtex;	Before Crypto Facilities, Kraken had acquired major Bitcoin exchanges such as Coinsetter, Cavirtex, and CleverCoin.
countries; professionals;	With more than 4 million clients in over 190 countries, including professionals, institutions, and authorities, Kraken delivers trading in 20 digital assets and 70+ currency pairs, and offers advanced charting, trading and portfolio tracking tools through Cryptowatch.
countries; institutions;	With more than 4 million clients in over 190 countries, including professionals, institutions, and authorities, Kraken delivers trading in 20 digital assets and 70+ currency pairs, and offers advanced charting, trading and portfolio tracking tools through Cryptowatch.
acquisitions; the above;	As long as the money comes in and there are acquisitions such as the above, we can definitely say that crypto is not dead.
currencies; Bitcoin;	Through this acquisition, Kraken will now be able to implement spot and futures market for currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
currencies; Ethereum;	Through this acquisition, Kraken will now be able to implement spot and futures market for currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
currencies; XRP;	Through this acquisition, Kraken will now be able to implement spot and futures market for currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
contracts; the OKCoin;	Other exchanges have launched futures contracts such as the OKCoin subsidiary OKEx and Japanese exchange bitFlyer Lightning.
top exchanges; Coinbase;	This acquisition intensifies the competition between Kraken and other top exchanges such as Coinbase and Bitstamp.
top exchanges; Bitstamp;	This acquisition intensifies the competition between Kraken and other top exchanges such as Coinbase and Bitstamp.
exchanges; BitMEX;	But it also puts Kraken into direct competition with exchanges such as BitMEX and Deribit which only deal with derivative contracts.
exchanges; Deribit;	But it also puts Kraken into direct competition with exchanges such as BitMEX and Deribit which only deal with derivative contracts.
privacy-oriented tokens; Monero;	We recently reported that Litecoin’s developers are becoming more and more interested in following the steps of privacy-oriented tokens such as Monero (XMR) and Zcash (ZEC).
options; bulletproof;	He later announced that the LTC development team was exploring options such as bulletproof MimbleWimble, which was equally well received.
coins; Monero;	It also claims to be more private than other privacy coins such as Monero and Zcash while offering to be the best ‘storage of value’ option in the cryptocurrency market.
coins; Zcash;	It also claims to be more private than other privacy coins such as Monero and Zcash while offering to be the best ‘storage of value’ option in the cryptocurrency market.
Finance; the Technology;	During the week Tron received two awards from Golden Finance, including the Technology Breakthrough Pioneer Award 2018 and Most Influential Public Chain Award.
cryptocurrency; Ethereum;	“The same is true for the Internet, and is true for the Bitcoin Core (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH-ABC), Ethereum, and other cryptocurrency networks—on which illegal content likely already lives.”
customers; Bank;	"200 RippleNet customers, including Bank of America and American Express"
data; payments;	This company, according to Forbes, employs “blockchain-based smart contracts to overhaul the back office of the world's biggest derivative markets.” Moreover, Axoni uses a distributed ledger to allow counterparties to see payments, calculations and other data immediately.
data; calculations;	This company, according to Forbes, employs “blockchain-based smart contracts to overhaul the back office of the world's biggest derivative markets.” Moreover, Axoni uses a distributed ledger to allow counterparties to see payments, calculations and other data immediately.
new products; crypto-to-crypto trading;	Additionally, Coinbase has launched a myriad of new products, including crypto-to-crypto trading, new altcoin listings, support for Circle’s USD Coin, PayPal withdrawals, a crypto custody service, and a revamped version of Earn.
new products; new altcoin;	Additionally, Coinbase has launched a myriad of new products, including crypto-to-crypto trading, new altcoin listings, support for Circle’s USD Coin, PayPal withdrawals, a crypto custody service, and a revamped version of Earn.
primary products; the crypto;	The company currently has 3 primary products including the crypto exchange Poloniex, the cross-border payments app Circle Pay, and the OTC trading desk Circle Trade.
the list; the crypto;	There are other essential names that made it into the list such as the crypto exchange Gemini, Bitfury and more.
oriented companies; San;	The fourth edition of the coveted list – 2019’s the 50 Most Innovative Fintech Companies, was marked by the show of six cryptocurrency and blockchain oriented companies, including San Francisco-based cross-border payment major Ripple.
customers; Bank;	The payment network is now worth $5 billion and has 200 RippleNet customers, including Bank of America and American Express under its hood.
entities; enforcement;	Amsterdam based Bitfury provides full-service blockchain solutions and has software that helps law enforcement and other entities to investigate illicit activity using Bitcoin.
sources; Cheddar;	This articles summarizes everything that we have learned so far via Cheddar and other sources about Chainspace, the blockchain startup reportedly acquired by Facebook.
blockchain; polling;	It is, however, unclear why the company is hiring Chainspace staff at this time as they were working on an effective distribution platform for making fast and transparent transactions like smart contracts on the blockchain and also exploring other applications of blockchain such as polling.
different universities; Dave;	Chainspace was founded by well-credentialed researchers from different universities, including Dave Hrycyszyn, George Danezis (the former head of the Information Security Research Group at UCL), Ramsey Khoury, Alberto Sonnino, Mustafa Al-Bassam, Shehar Bano.
co-founders; Alberto;	According to an entry published by some of the startup’s researchers and co-founders, including Alberto Sonnino, Mustafa Al-Bassam, and George Denezis, “Chianspace is a decentralized infrastructure, known as a distributed ledger, that supports user defined smart contracts and executes user-supplied transactions on their object.”
services; payments;	It has been building a decentralized “smart contracts” system that could facilitate payments and other services through blockchain technology.
platform; plans;	The company is already in process of implementing blockchain into its social media platform, including plans to launch a native cryptocurrency, and developing a stablecoin for its Indian WhatsApp users.
startups; Instagram;	The move by facebook does not come as a shock to many as the social media giant has had a history of acquiring startups such as Instagram, Whatsapp, Snaptu, Face.com, Oculus VR and a few others.
startups; Whatsapp;	The move by facebook does not come as a shock to many as the social media giant has had a history of acquiring startups such as Instagram, Whatsapp, Snaptu, Face.com, Oculus VR and a few others.
startups; Snaptu;	The move by facebook does not come as a shock to many as the social media giant has had a history of acquiring startups such as Instagram, Whatsapp, Snaptu, Face.com, Oculus VR and a few others.
startups; Face.com;	The move by facebook does not come as a shock to many as the social media giant has had a history of acquiring startups such as Instagram, Whatsapp, Snaptu, Face.com, Oculus VR and a few others.
startups; Oculus;	The move by facebook does not come as a shock to many as the social media giant has had a history of acquiring startups such as Instagram, Whatsapp, Snaptu, Face.com, Oculus VR and a few others.
companies; Whatsapp;	Using past records of facebook acquiring technology companies such as Whatsapp and Instagram, it is safe to conclude that Chainspace might be the first of many blockchain startups to be acquired by the social media giant.
companies; Instagram;	Using past records of facebook acquiring technology companies such as Whatsapp and Instagram, it is safe to conclude that Chainspace might be the first of many blockchain startups to be acquired by the social media giant.
the startup; the co-founder;	Four employees from the startup including the co-founder, George Danezis have joined the social media giant, and none of these is from the technology department of the startup, they are all researchers.
the startup; George;	Four employees from the startup including the co-founder, George Danezis have joined the social media giant, and none of these is from the technology department of the startup, they are all researchers.
interested parties; exchanges;	The company remains in control of this many tokens because they routinely sell portions of their stash to institutions, banks, crypto exchanges, and other interested parties.
established exchanges; Kraken;	However, it now appears that BitPoint exchange was chosen despite its smaller size, which has left some commentators wondering why it was chosen to handle such a large sale of bitcoin over more established exchanges such as Kraken.
exchanges; community;	The new coin in the cryptocurrency market, BitTorrent [BTT] token has been widely accepted by many from the Tron [TRX] community and other exchanges.
exchanges; Cointiger;	In the future, other exchanges such as Cointiger, Bitbns and TRX Market are expected to list the BitTorrent Token.
exchanges; Bitbns;	In the future, other exchanges such as Cointiger, Bitbns and TRX Market are expected to list the BitTorrent Token.
exchanges; TRX;	In the future, other exchanges such as Cointiger, Bitbns and TRX Market are expected to list the BitTorrent Token.
industries; virtual reality;	Tanner Beard, President of Mammoth Film Festival, explained that there was a need for the film industry to embrace the ever changing field of technology in industries such as virtual reality, social media and cryptocurrencies.
industries; social media;	Tanner Beard, President of Mammoth Film Festival, explained that there was a need for the film industry to embrace the ever changing field of technology in industries such as virtual reality, social media and cryptocurrencies.
industries; cryptocurrencies;	Tanner Beard, President of Mammoth Film Festival, explained that there was a need for the film industry to embrace the ever changing field of technology in industries such as virtual reality, social media and cryptocurrencies.
major events; UFC;	One of the ways that this has been done is through the sponsorship of major events such as UFC matches and NBA games.
ledgers; the universe;	“The SEC is seeking information for potential sources to support the goal of acquiring data for the most widely used blockchain ledgers, including the universe of available information and transaction details.”
the available data; attribution;	Provide capability to derive insights from the available data, including attribution data [i.e.
ledgers; the universe;	The SEC is seeking information for potential sources to support the goal of acquiring data for the most widely used blockchain ledgers, including the universe of available information and transaction details.”
crypto; Bitcoin;	The online payment service giant itself is now being more open to cryptocurrency, with the latest update from the Davos 2019 World Economic Forum, where PayPal’s co-founder, Luke Nosek praised Bitcoin and other crypto projects for "taking their time, making sure to build the right thing, before...pushing for adoption."
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	It has started with providing Bitcoin storage service in July and soon added support for other cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum and ERC-20 tokens.
cryptocurrencies; ERC-20;	It has started with providing Bitcoin storage service in July and soon added support for other cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum and ERC-20 tokens.
exchange; Paxos;	This decision comes after the listing of 4 stablecoins tied to the US dollar (USD) on the Huobi exchange, including Paxos Standard (PAX), True USD (TUSD), USD Coin (USDC), and Gemini Dollar (GUSD).
top exchanges; BitFinex;	Two of these wallets made huge withdrawals to addresses associated with other top exchanges such as BitFinex, ShapeShift, and Poloneix.
top exchanges; ShapeShift;	Two of these wallets made huge withdrawals to addresses associated with other top exchanges such as BitFinex, ShapeShift, and Poloneix.
the world; Universal;	The startup plans to act as an investment group that will focus on “guiding extraordinary founders in creating innovative solutions for the music industry, from inception to market adoption.” The company is headquartered in music and entertainment hub Santa Monica, California, home to some of the biggest record labels in the world, including Universal Music Group and Verve.
areas; creation;	Overall Raised in Space will help fund music space in areas such as creation, distribution, fan engagement, ticketing, touring and guiding of projects.
areas; distribution;	Overall Raised in Space will help fund music space in areas such as creation, distribution, fan engagement, ticketing, touring and guiding of projects.
areas; fan;	Overall Raised in Space will help fund music space in areas such as creation, distribution, fan engagement, ticketing, touring and guiding of projects.
popular artists; Rihanna;	Zach Katz, the CEO of Beluga Heights Records, known for signing popular artists such as Rihanna, Leona Lewis, and Sean Kingston is all set for a new venture called “Raised In Space” along with Ithaca Holdings’ Scooter Braun.
popular artists; Leona;	Zach Katz, the CEO of Beluga Heights Records, known for signing popular artists such as Rihanna, Leona Lewis, and Sean Kingston is all set for a new venture called “Raised In Space” along with Ithaca Holdings’ Scooter Braun.
all areas; creation;	“Raised In Space will fund entrepreneurs with tech solutions for the music space across all areas, including creation, distribution, fan engagement, ticketing and touring, and guide the projects through to market adoption.
all areas; distribution;	“Raised In Space will fund entrepreneurs with tech solutions for the music space across all areas, including creation, distribution, fan engagement, ticketing and touring, and guide the projects through to market adoption.
all areas; fan;	“Raised In Space will fund entrepreneurs with tech solutions for the music space across all areas, including creation, distribution, fan engagement, ticketing and touring, and guide the projects through to market adoption.
producer; Exxon;	“...imagine you are an oil producer such as Exxon Mobile and know that one day in 2020, the number of barrels of oil you extract will go down by half, forever.
producer; Exxon;	To give an analogy, imagine you are an oil producer such as Exxon Mobile and know that one day in 2020, the number of barrels of oil you extract will go down by half, forever.
numerous assets; several properties;	The will outlines the founder’s numerous assets, including several properties in Nova Scotia and in Kelowna, British Columbia.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Instead, the cryptocurrency exchange will also be working towards making sure other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin Cash [BCH] and Litecoin [LTC] are integrated to the platform soon, making it possible for them to be stored in the wallets as well.
popular cryptocurrencies; Cash;	“We’re also working on support for Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, and other popular cryptocurrencies.”
popular cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	“We’re also working on support for Bitcoin Cash, Litecoin, and other popular cryptocurrencies.”
overseas territories; Lithuania;	In December 2018, Coinbase expanded its product to several European countries and overseas territories, including Lithuania, Iceland, Andorra, Gibraltar, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.
overseas territories; Iceland;	In December 2018, Coinbase expanded its product to several European countries and overseas territories, including Lithuania, Iceland, Andorra, Gibraltar, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.
overseas territories; Andorra;	In December 2018, Coinbase expanded its product to several European countries and overseas territories, including Lithuania, Iceland, Andorra, Gibraltar, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.
overseas territories; Gibraltar;	In December 2018, Coinbase expanded its product to several European countries and overseas territories, including Lithuania, Iceland, Andorra, Gibraltar, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.
overseas territories; Guernsey;	In December 2018, Coinbase expanded its product to several European countries and overseas territories, including Lithuania, Iceland, Andorra, Gibraltar, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.
overseas territories; the Isle;	In December 2018, Coinbase expanded its product to several European countries and overseas territories, including Lithuania, Iceland, Andorra, Gibraltar, Guernsey and the Isle of Man.
Top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Top cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin BTC, Ripple XRP, and Ethereum ETH continue to record losses and largely trade sideways.
benefits; a discount;	It has seen a lot of use within the exchange, as using it provides benefits such as a discount on trading fees.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Binance’s very own utility token has reached a market capitalization of over $1,152 USD billion, surpassing cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin SV, Cardano, Monero, and Iota.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Some research projects are using big data analytics to predict the future price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
payments; micropayments;	As at the beginning of January 2019, Bitcoin Cash had 0ver 900 retailers who use it to settle payments including micropayments.
Bcashers; Ver;	In a somewhat controversial tweet that already surpasses the 600 likes, the polemical character pointed out that he is convinced that Roger Ver and other Bcashers will soon abandon the support for that altcoin to return to be Bitcoiners again.
community; Zooko;	Notably, in an attempt to prevent an attack from happening, three members from the Zcash community including Zooko Wilcox, the CEO of the Zcash Company, decided to delete the MCP protocol transcript, “which would allow an adversary to create false proofs” from all the platforms it would have been available to the community.
enhanced features; smart contracts;	With the addition of enhanced features such as smart contracts and complex privacy tech like zk-snarks, code becomes harder to audit, and it can be virtually impossible to determine whether vulnerabilities have been exploited.
enhanced features; complex privacy;	With the addition of enhanced features such as smart contracts and complex privacy tech like zk-snarks, code becomes harder to audit, and it can be virtually impossible to determine whether vulnerabilities have been exploited.
board; an athlete;	There are rumors of major celebrities coming on board including an athlete that was 4 super bowl titles.
any cryptocurrency; the new sheep;	The major cryptocurrencies on the market have been suffering the bear’s attack for a long time now and the bear has not spared any cryptocurrency, including the new sheep in the park BitTorrent [BTT].
major stocks; Facebook;	Those assets reportedly include major stocks such as Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Google, Netflix, commodities such as SPDR Gold Trust, ETFs like Vanguard Growth and the S&P 500, and indexes like the Russell 2000 and others.
major stocks; Apple;	Those assets reportedly include major stocks such as Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Google, Netflix, commodities such as SPDR Gold Trust, ETFs like Vanguard Growth and the S&P 500, and indexes like the Russell 2000 and others.
major stocks; Amazon;	Those assets reportedly include major stocks such as Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Google, Netflix, commodities such as SPDR Gold Trust, ETFs like Vanguard Growth and the S&P 500, and indexes like the Russell 2000 and others.
major stocks; Google;	Those assets reportedly include major stocks such as Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Google, Netflix, commodities such as SPDR Gold Trust, ETFs like Vanguard Growth and the S&P 500, and indexes like the Russell 2000 and others.
major stocks; Netflix;	Those assets reportedly include major stocks such as Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Google, Netflix, commodities such as SPDR Gold Trust, ETFs like Vanguard Growth and the S&P 500, and indexes like the Russell 2000 and others.
major stocks; commodities;	Those assets reportedly include major stocks such as Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Google, Netflix, commodities such as SPDR Gold Trust, ETFs like Vanguard Growth and the S&P 500, and indexes like the Russell 2000 and others.
apps; BUX;	Hard Fork notes that Abra’s offering could be compared to trading apps such as BUX and Plus500, adding that investors have lost significant amounts of money using similar trading systems.
apps; Plus500;	Hard Fork notes that Abra’s offering could be compared to trading apps such as BUX and Plus500, adding that investors have lost significant amounts of money using similar trading systems.
a digital exchange; securities;	Previously, tZERO had filed a patent for a crypto integration platform that trades items from broker-dealers, and then translates the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange, including securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets.
a digital exchange; tokens;	Previously, tZERO had filed a patent for a crypto integration platform that trades items from broker-dealers, and then translates the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange, including securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets.
a digital exchange; digital shares;	Previously, tZERO had filed a patent for a crypto integration platform that trades items from broker-dealers, and then translates the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange, including securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets.
a digital exchange; cash;	Previously, tZERO had filed a patent for a crypto integration platform that trades items from broker-dealers, and then translates the orders into crypto orders on a digital exchange, including securities, tokens, digital shares, cash equivalents and digital assets.
high-priced stocks; Apple;	Investors in over 155 countries will now be able to buy fractions of high-priced stocks such as Apple, Amazon and Google as well as exchange-traded funds through the Bitcoin blockchain and smart contracts.
high-priced stocks; Amazon;	Investors in over 155 countries will now be able to buy fractions of high-priced stocks such as Apple, Amazon and Google as well as exchange-traded funds through the Bitcoin blockchain and smart contracts.
high-priced stocks; Google;	Investors in over 155 countries will now be able to buy fractions of high-priced stocks such as Apple, Amazon and Google as well as exchange-traded funds through the Bitcoin blockchain and smart contracts.
ETFs; Vanguard;	Investors will also have access to commodities such as SPDR Gold Trust as well as ETFs such as Vanguard Growth and the Rusell 2000 index.
ETFs; Trust;	According to a press release shared with CryptoGlobe, Abra’s users are set to be able to register for the company’s new service, which will allow them to initially invest in 50 different assets, including blue-chip stocks like Amazon, Google, and Facebook, and in commodities like SPDR Gold Trust and other ETFs.
top altcoins; ether;	Back in July, Abra revealed what it thinks about most top altcoins, including ether, dash, QTUM, NEO, zcash, and litecoin.
top altcoins; dash;	Back in July, Abra revealed what it thinks about most top altcoins, including ether, dash, QTUM, NEO, zcash, and litecoin.
top altcoins; QTUM;	Back in July, Abra revealed what it thinks about most top altcoins, including ether, dash, QTUM, NEO, zcash, and litecoin.
top altcoins; NEO;	Back in July, Abra revealed what it thinks about most top altcoins, including ether, dash, QTUM, NEO, zcash, and litecoin.
top altcoins; zcash;	Back in July, Abra revealed what it thinks about most top altcoins, including ether, dash, QTUM, NEO, zcash, and litecoin.
popular stocks; Amazon;	Starting today, users of the Abra wallet are now able to invest in popular stocks such as Amazon, Facebook, and Coca-Cola.
popular stocks; Facebook;	Starting today, users of the Abra wallet are now able to invest in popular stocks such as Amazon, Facebook, and Coca-Cola.
something; Apple;	According to Forbes, when a person invests in something such as Apple, they are simply "gaining exposure to Apple's price action" while on the backend, Abra's systems conduct "cost-effective-trades" and investments, ensuring that Abra has the funds to pay investors upon the sale of their stock.Barhydt told Forbes:
the top coins; Bitcoin;	The BIT10 is a market-weighted derivative product that tracks the top coins, including Bitcoin, Ethereum (ETH), and XRP (XRP).
the top coins; Ethereum;	The BIT10 is a market-weighted derivative product that tracks the top coins, including Bitcoin, Ethereum (ETH), and XRP (XRP).
traditional stocks; Facebook;	San Francisco based Crypto wallet Abra has introduced a new feature which allows users from 155+ countries to invest in 50+ traditional stocks including Facebook, Apple, Google, Amazon; ETFs like Vanguard Growth, SDPR Gold Trust and even indexes like S&P 500 for as low as $5.
traditional stocks; Apple;	San Francisco based Crypto wallet Abra has introduced a new feature which allows users from 155+ countries to invest in 50+ traditional stocks including Facebook, Apple, Google, Amazon; ETFs like Vanguard Growth, SDPR Gold Trust and even indexes like S&P 500 for as low as $5.
traditional stocks; Google;	San Francisco based Crypto wallet Abra has introduced a new feature which allows users from 155+ countries to invest in 50+ traditional stocks including Facebook, Apple, Google, Amazon; ETFs like Vanguard Growth, SDPR Gold Trust and even indexes like S&P 500 for as low as $5.
traditional stocks; Amazon;	San Francisco based Crypto wallet Abra has introduced a new feature which allows users from 155+ countries to invest in 50+ traditional stocks including Facebook, Apple, Google, Amazon; ETFs like Vanguard Growth, SDPR Gold Trust and even indexes like S&P 500 for as low as $5.
countries; the US;	“Many consumers in the US and other countries already have access to stocks and mutual funds via online brokerages.
countries; the US;	“Many consumers in the US and other countries already have access to stocks and mutual funds via online brokerages.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
Potential catalysts; the possibility;	Potential catalysts such as the possibility of institutional investors entering the cryptocurrency market in the latter half of 2019 through trusted custodians like Fidelity and Bakkt may prevent bears from pulling down BTC to 2013-14 levels.
hot altcoins; BitTorrent;	Some of the volume had diverted into hot altcoins such as BitTorrent and BNB.
hot altcoins; BNB;	Some of the volume had diverted into hot altcoins such as BitTorrent and BNB.
analysts; s;	That in itself should be enough for Wall Street to breathe a sigh of relief, given that Moody’s and other analysts have warned that a second shutdown would pinch economic growth to a harsher extent than the previous one.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This was made possible with the company’s partnership with Safello, a Swedish platform that allows users to buy and sell Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
software; Metamask;	Low transaction volumes and user numbers have been persistent issues for the new technology, which rely on knowledge of crypto wallets, or software such as Metamask to run on HTTP-based browsers - making them problematic for less knowledgable users.
an announcement; a new crypto;	During the Christmas season of last year, Coinbase launched the 12 Days of Coinbase event where each day was marked with an announcement such as a new crypto listing on the exchange or how Coinbase is working towards a goal in the crypto industry.
financial institutions; banks;	Currently, banks and other financial institutions depend on nostro and vostro accounts and transactions take longer to be processed.
developments; Binance;	Binance CEO Changpeng “CZ” Zhao recently went live on Periscope, a live video streaming app for the first time where he spoke for about 45 minutes answering questions, talking about Binance’s upcoming developments such as Binance Chain, their new decentralized exchange, Binance Coin (BNB), and more.
cryptocurrencies; ];	The world of cryptocurrencies is still reeling from the ongoing bearish market which has become the longest continuous market spiral in the history of Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies.
technologies; Blockchain;	We also want to change old structures using technologies such as Blockchain.”
countries; Argentina;	The service is currently available between Argentina and other countries in Europe, North America, and Latin America.
cities; the capital;	These cards are valid for rides on buses, trains, subways, and motorboats in 37 cities, including the capital city of Buenos Aires, according to the Argentine government’s website.
Argentine; metropolitan area;	The SUBE card [standing for Sistema Único de Boleto Electrónico] is essentially a credit pass for public transport services within the Buenos Aires metropolitan area and other Argentine cities and is affiliated to the Argentine Secretary of Transportation.
many cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	The blockchain technology is the underlying vehicle for many cryptocurrencies including bitcoin.
various contents; messages;	The site allows users to browse a rolling list of various contents including messages added to the blockchain.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	At a recent conference in San Franciso, Vitalik Buterin, founder of Ethereum took to stage to talk about Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
large corporations; Google;	Online advertisers currently depend on collaboration with large corporations such as Google or Facebook who hold the duopoly in the online advertising space.
large corporations; Facebook;	Online advertisers currently depend on collaboration with large corporations such as Google or Facebook who hold the duopoly in the online advertising space.
websites; Google;	Also, the advertising provided by websites such as Google and Facebook is changing into an intrusive stream of ads resembling scams, making them repelling to the internet users, which defeats their purpose.
websites; Facebook;	Also, the advertising provided by websites such as Google and Facebook is changing into an intrusive stream of ads resembling scams, making them repelling to the internet users, which defeats their purpose.
cryptos; bitcoin;	Nouriel Roubini, one of the most well-known critics of blockchain tech and cryptocurrencies who teaches economics at New York University (NYU), has stated CBDCs will “destroy” bitcoin and other cryptos.
alternative financial systems; crypto;	Escalating hyper-inflation in Venezuela has caused the Bolivar to be rapidly devalued, and citizens have turned to crypto and other alternative financial systems as a way to prevent any further financial losses.
brief uptrends; the one;	Despite brief uptrends such as the one that extended from $43.11 to $69.02, the BSV market still hasn’t got much relief and is yet to hit the highs associated with its beginnings.
indicators; the Parabolic;	The one-hour chart for Bitcoin SV using indicators such as the Parabolic SAR, MACD and Klinger Oscillator suggests that the coin has posted some encouraging results, despite some late bearish activity.
industry; Google;	Based on the team’s extensive experience building large-scale infrastructure at Google, Uber, Facebook, Bosch, Intel, and other industry giants, IoTeX is well-positioned to meet the needs of enterprises that require high security and resilience.
industry; Uber;	Based on the team’s extensive experience building large-scale infrastructure at Google, Uber, Facebook, Bosch, Intel, and other industry giants, IoTeX is well-positioned to meet the needs of enterprises that require high security and resilience.
industry; Facebook;	Based on the team’s extensive experience building large-scale infrastructure at Google, Uber, Facebook, Bosch, Intel, and other industry giants, IoTeX is well-positioned to meet the needs of enterprises that require high security and resilience.
industry; Bosch;	Based on the team’s extensive experience building large-scale infrastructure at Google, Uber, Facebook, Bosch, Intel, and other industry giants, IoTeX is well-positioned to meet the needs of enterprises that require high security and resilience.
industry; Intel;	Based on the team’s extensive experience building large-scale infrastructure at Google, Uber, Facebook, Bosch, Intel, and other industry giants, IoTeX is well-positioned to meet the needs of enterprises that require high security and resilience.
Equifax; names;	In 2017, hackers stole the personal data of 150 million Americans from Equifax, including names, social security numbers, addresses, and more.
Equifax; social security;	In 2017, hackers stole the personal data of 150 million Americans from Equifax, including names, social security numbers, addresses, and more.
partners; CoinPayments;	In advance of this highly anticipated release, we look forward to working with CoinPayments and other partners to make BitTorrent (BTT) liquid in the online marketplace before BTT is fully integrated into our desktop and mobile products.
platforms; Shopify;	CoinPayments’ ultimate goal is to further the adoption of cryptocurrencies by providing pre-built plugins and integrations for major ecommerce platforms such as Shopify, Woocommerce, WHMCS, Opencart, osCommerce and Magneto.
platforms; Woocommerce;	CoinPayments’ ultimate goal is to further the adoption of cryptocurrencies by providing pre-built plugins and integrations for major ecommerce platforms such as Shopify, Woocommerce, WHMCS, Opencart, osCommerce and Magneto.
platforms; WHMCS;	CoinPayments’ ultimate goal is to further the adoption of cryptocurrencies by providing pre-built plugins and integrations for major ecommerce platforms such as Shopify, Woocommerce, WHMCS, Opencart, osCommerce and Magneto.
platforms; Opencart;	CoinPayments’ ultimate goal is to further the adoption of cryptocurrencies by providing pre-built plugins and integrations for major ecommerce platforms such as Shopify, Woocommerce, WHMCS, Opencart, osCommerce and Magneto.
platforms; osCommerce;	CoinPayments’ ultimate goal is to further the adoption of cryptocurrencies by providing pre-built plugins and integrations for major ecommerce platforms such as Shopify, Woocommerce, WHMCS, Opencart, osCommerce and Magneto.
platforms; Magneto;	CoinPayments’ ultimate goal is to further the adoption of cryptocurrencies by providing pre-built plugins and integrations for major ecommerce platforms such as Shopify, Woocommerce, WHMCS, Opencart, osCommerce and Magneto.
professionals; leaders;	Ripple's announcement says that its university partners "will utilize UBRI resources in unique ways, developing curricula and expanding or launching courses, hosting conferences and awarding scholarships to faculty and students pursuing work in blockchain, cryptocurrency, digital payments and related topics," and that these programs will help "to prepare the next generation of engineers, business leaders, entrepreneurs and other professionals to apply these technologies in practice" as well as "to increase positive awareness of the transformative impact that blockchain technology will have across all industries."
professionals; entrepreneurs;	Ripple's announcement says that its university partners "will utilize UBRI resources in unique ways, developing curricula and expanding or launching courses, hosting conferences and awarding scholarships to faculty and students pursuing work in blockchain, cryptocurrency, digital payments and related topics," and that these programs will help "to prepare the next generation of engineers, business leaders, entrepreneurs and other professionals to apply these technologies in practice" as well as "to increase positive awareness of the transformative impact that blockchain technology will have across all industries."
events; an upcoming blockchain;	"... the partnership with the University of California, Berkeley has resulted in cross-departmental collaboration, as several schools within the University expanded relevant course-offerings, funded research projects and supported student-led activities and events, including an upcoming blockchain UI/UX hackathon."
topics; blockchain;	UBRI partners will also reportedly be hosting workshops at Duke and Georgetown that center on a gamut of topics, including blockchain, cryptography, cybersecurity and regulation.
topics; cryptography;	UBRI partners will also reportedly be hosting workshops at Duke and Georgetown that center on a gamut of topics, including blockchain, cryptography, cybersecurity and regulation.
topics; cybersecurity;	UBRI partners will also reportedly be hosting workshops at Duke and Georgetown that center on a gamut of topics, including blockchain, cryptography, cybersecurity and regulation.
topics; regulation;	UBRI partners will also reportedly be hosting workshops at Duke and Georgetown that center on a gamut of topics, including blockchain, cryptography, cybersecurity and regulation.
high-priced stocks; Facebook;	The crypto platform Abra will give users in 155 countries the ability to purchase fractions of high-priced stocks such as Facebook, Amazon and Netflix as well as exchange-traded funds with XRP.
high-priced stocks; Amazon;	The crypto platform Abra will give users in 155 countries the ability to purchase fractions of high-priced stocks such as Facebook, Amazon and Netflix as well as exchange-traded funds with XRP.
high-priced stocks; Netflix;	The crypto platform Abra will give users in 155 countries the ability to purchase fractions of high-priced stocks such as Facebook, Amazon and Netflix as well as exchange-traded funds with XRP.
universities; Carnegie;	While the program has been around since June 2018 and already included some of the world’s leading technology institutions, the latest wave of additions has some standout universities, including Carnegie Mellon, Cornell and Duke University.
Georgetown; blockchain;	The program also announced a range of workshops being hosted at Duke and Georgetown, including blockchain, cryptography and cyber-security.
Georgetown; cryptography;	The program also announced a range of workshops being hosted at Duke and Georgetown, including blockchain, cryptography and cyber-security.
Georgetown; cyber-security;	The program also announced a range of workshops being hosted at Duke and Georgetown, including blockchain, cryptography and cyber-security.
high-priced stocks; Facebook;	They will do this by allowing people to buy fractions of high-priced stocks such as Facebook, Netflix and Amazon and exchange-traded funds with XRP.
high-priced stocks; Netflix;	They will do this by allowing people to buy fractions of high-priced stocks such as Facebook, Netflix and Amazon and exchange-traded funds with XRP.
high-priced stocks; Amazon;	They will do this by allowing people to buy fractions of high-priced stocks such as Facebook, Netflix and Amazon and exchange-traded funds with XRP.
institutes; University;	The UBRI is already partnered with premier universities and institutes such as University College, London, and IIT, Hyderabad.
student-led activities; blockchain;	UBRI has helped encourage cross-departmental collaborations, course-sharing programmes, and a range of student-led activities such as blockchain hackathons across its partner universities.
professionals; leaders;	“These programs, driven by the university partners, are poised to prepare the next generation of engineers, business leaders, entrepreneurs and other professionals to apply these technologies in practice.”
professionals; entrepreneurs;	“These programs, driven by the university partners, are poised to prepare the next generation of engineers, business leaders, entrepreneurs and other professionals to apply these technologies in practice.”
companies; Nasdaq;	Back in December, ErisX, a regulated crypto derivatives exchange that plans to offer digital futures and spot trading, announced the closing of a $27.5 million Series B from major financial institutions and cryptocurrency companies, including Nasdaq Ventures, Fidelity, ConsenSys and Bitmain.
regulators; the SEC;	We just formally incorporated the answers we spent over a year and a half two years educating the SEC and other regulators on this pricing custody and market manipulation concerns and the appropriate answers to that but now as formerly part of the proposal”
t; close ”;	Whether or not we’re going to find one that really protects investors I don’t know, but I do know that case wasn’t especially close”.
—; cryptocurrency;	Other sources have also said that it is a case of when, not if, for ETF approval in the U.S., — including cryptocurrency advocate Andreas Antonopoulos — but some remain skeptical about its usefulness in the industry.
services; the citizen;	Additionally, ICONLOOP has provided other individual verification services such as the citizen card, mileage points integration, subcontract payment, and others.
holdings; powerboats;	'Either Shrem has been incredibly lucky and successful since leaving prison, or — more likely — he ‘acquired’ his six properties, two Maseratis, two powerboats and other holdings with the appreciated value of the 5,000 Bitcoin he stole from the Winklevoss twins in 2012', the lawsuit unsealed.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The Litecoin Foundation is very serious about the implementation of privacy at the protocol level, as it is of the utmost importance to improve fungibility and to set a precedent for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
coin; Monero;	The crypto offers a range of newfound privacy solutions never seen before, and is claimed to be more private than any other privacy coin, including Monero and Zcash.
coin; Zcash;	The crypto offers a range of newfound privacy solutions never seen before, and is claimed to be more private than any other privacy coin, including Monero and Zcash.
famous names; Logan;	Then came the announcement that the Litecoin foundation is also sponsoring the Mammoth film festival which stars famous names such as Logan Paul, Olivia Munn, and King Bach.
coins; Zcash;	Privacy coins such as Zcash, already implement simmilar technology via zk-Snarks, offering zero knowledge proof, which as the name suggests, proves pertinent information without revealing it.
whole industries; the legacy;	Despite the protracted market slump, diehard believers like Changpeng Zhao are undeterred in their vision of a dazzling crypto revolution that will disrupt whole industries, including the legacy financial system.
things; digital assets;	'That infrastructure has attracted a lot of very, very interesting companies that have come, some that have invested in Bakkt, some are just working with Bakkt, to try to tap into that infrastructure for some new use cases that will involve blockchain and digital assets and other things that we can provide these people.
financial giants; corporates;	Despite the massive slowdown in the crypto market and continuous delay in Bakkt’s plans, Sprecher said that corporates and other financial giants are showing great interest in the arrival of Bakkt.
types; cryptoassets;	In November 2018, William Hinman, the SEC director of corporation finance, had acknowledged that there needs to be more clarity as to how securities laws apply to cryptoassets and other types of investments.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Pierce also offered insights on how the SEC had been treating exchange-traded fund based on bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
crypto; offerings;	Last year the SEC rightly took enforcement action against initial coin offerings and other crypto companies perpetrating fraud.
digital assets; Litecoin;	Other digital assets such as Litecoin (LTC) registered a price increase of 30%.
QuadrigaCX; Zou;	Zou and other QuadrigaCX users are coordinating with each other via a Telegram messaging group.
L2; sidechains;	People may also use sidechains, drivechains, and other L2 or L3 solutions.
L2; drivechains;	People may also use sidechains, drivechains, and other L2 or L3 solutions.
features; privacy;	He then explained that, in a similar way, other features such as privacy, could be added to Bitcoin without requiring any fundamental changes to be made to the codebase for the Bitcoin blockchain:
coins; ];	Dash, Zcoin [XZC] and other coins are the once that are being accepted by the company for now.
solutions; the LN;	Notably, Dorsey recently participated in Trust Chain’s LN initiative, which is a community-led project that was introduced by Twitter user hodlonaut - in order to create awareness about the potential benefits of using layer-two crypto scaling solutions such as the LN protocol.
a few features; an HTML-based BTC;	At present, Tippin is in its beta stages of development - with a few features such as an HTML-based BTC tip button already available.
the general public; the information;	USDC seems to be motivated to provide consistent information to its users and the general public, including the information in this most recent report.
desks; Coinbase;	Some highlights include the support of USDC by many major exchanges, including Binance, Bitfinex, and of course Coinbase, as well as a number of OTC trading desks including Coinbase’s, which the report notes has been a major driver behind the increased circulation of USDC.
stablecoins; USDC;	This stipulation is included in order to be used to abate illegal activity, and has never been activated by any stablecoin, but this still has negatively affected the public perception of stablecoins including USDC.
virtual currencies; the future;	In the future, Bitcoin and other virtual currencies could start to register better fundamentals.
virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	In the future, Bitcoin and other virtual currencies could start to register better fundamentals.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	As reported by NewsBTC previously, Fundstrat laid out a number normal of macro, technical, fiat-to-crypto inflows, blockchain technology, and equity trends to explain why the outlook for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies could improve over 2019.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	All this and more, according to Tom Lee and his team at Fundstrat, will push Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies upwards in 2019.
cryptocurrencies; ones;	Kling even stated that the monumental rise of enlisted quantitative easing (QE) strategies is “how you would write the script” for the adoption of cryptocurrencies, especially ones that are fully decentralized, the world over.
giants; Microsoft;	It hence has a strong influence on IT giants such as Microsoft, Intel, and JP Morgan.
giants; Intel;	It hence has a strong influence on IT giants such as Microsoft, Intel, and JP Morgan.
technology; xRapid;	Its technology such as xRapid has created a faster, cheaper and efficient way for cross border transactions.
natural resources; reserves;	Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela’s president, claims that the petro is backed by the nation’s vast oil reserves, diamonds, gold, and other natural resources.
natural resources; diamonds;	Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela’s president, claims that the petro is backed by the nation’s vast oil reserves, diamonds, gold, and other natural resources.
natural resources; gold;	Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela’s president, claims that the petro is backed by the nation’s vast oil reserves, diamonds, gold, and other natural resources.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	With the continued political, social, economic turmoil in the Latin American state, citizens continue to rely on Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for survival.
cryptocurrency; Bitcoin;	What’s your take on the remittance fees being imposed on Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency transactions by the Venezuelan state?
crypto; houses;	“[Sunacrip] will exercise the broadest powers within the legal and constitutional framework, to regulate the creation, issuance, organization, operation, and use of crypto assets, and consequently, to regulate the operation of the exchange houses and other crypto asset financial services, as well as activities associated with digital mining.
countries; China;	As World Bank reveals, over the last year the overall number of international money transfers have grown to about 10.3 per cent when most of the increase stands for the remittances to developing countries including China, Thailand and the rest of prominent Asian Dragons.
countries; Thailand;	As World Bank reveals, over the last year the overall number of international money transfers have grown to about 10.3 per cent when most of the increase stands for the remittances to developing countries including China, Thailand and the rest of prominent Asian Dragons.
countries; the rest;	As World Bank reveals, over the last year the overall number of international money transfers have grown to about 10.3 per cent when most of the increase stands for the remittances to developing countries including China, Thailand and the rest of prominent Asian Dragons.
trading; a high level;	The DEX is said to be aesthetically similar to the existing Binance exchange, but with all the benefits associated with a decentralized approach to trading, including a high level of security, and personal ownership of private keys.
digital assets; tokens;	Sidechains are security mechanisms that allow tokens and other digital assets from one blockchain to be securely used in a separate blockchain and then be moved back to the original blockchain if need be.
information; X-rays;	Yesterday, blockchain tech company Bitfury announced a partnership with radiology blockchain marketplace Medical Diagnostic Web (MDW) to create a blockchain-based platform for maintaining, sharing and securing medical imaging and diagnostics information such as X-rays and CT scans.
information; CT;	Yesterday, blockchain tech company Bitfury announced a partnership with radiology blockchain marketplace Medical Diagnostic Web (MDW) to create a blockchain-based platform for maintaining, sharing and securing medical imaging and diagnostics information such as X-rays and CT scans.
vital organs; the brain;	ALS, also known as motor neuron disease (MND) is a degenerative disease that kills neurons in vital organs such as the brain and spinal cord.
vital organs; spinal cord;	ALS, also known as motor neuron disease (MND) is a degenerative disease that kills neurons in vital organs such as the brain and spinal cord.
basic things; walking;	People affected with ALS eventually lose the ability to do basic things such as walking, using their hands, swallowing, speaking, and breathing.
issues; funding;	On Monday, George Maris, the co-head of equities of Americas at Janus Henderson, an asset manager with $370 billion in AUM, stated that the dispute on border wall funding and other issues have slowed down the U.S. economy.
day-to-day expenses; payments;	The shutdown of the U.S. government in January led 800,000 federal employees to miss two paychecks, causing serious problems pertaining to mortgage payments and other day-to-day expenses.
several key industries; oil;	Apart from several key industries such as oil, most sectors have failed to meet the expectations of Wall Street.
any screen; a desktop;	The latest update sees MEW upgrade to a less cluttered interface that works on any screen including a desktop, tablet or cellphone.
any screen; tablet;	The latest update sees MEW upgrade to a less cluttered interface that works on any screen including a desktop, tablet or cellphone.
any screen; cellphone;	The latest update sees MEW upgrade to a less cluttered interface that works on any screen including a desktop, tablet or cellphone.
competitors; EOS;	Although there are reportedly around 40 times more developers focused on creating software for Ethereum (when compared to its closest competitors such as EOS and Tron), ETH-based dApps don’t appear to have lived up to expectations.
competitors; Tron;	Although there are reportedly around 40 times more developers focused on creating software for Ethereum (when compared to its closest competitors such as EOS and Tron), ETH-based dApps don’t appear to have lived up to expectations.
the year; TRON;	Quite a few cryptocurrencies gained substantial value since the beginning of the year, including TRON that went from $0.018 to $0.024, Litecoin that went from $30 to $43, HOLO that doubled in price from $0.0005 to $0.001, and of course Binance Coin that also almost doubled in price from $5.50 to $9.64 at the time of writing.
crypto assets; Ethereum;	Since late November of last year, Bitcoin and the majority of other crypto assets such as Ethereum or Litecoin have continued to plummet to new lows.
crypto assets; Litecoin;	Since late November of last year, Bitcoin and the majority of other crypto assets such as Ethereum or Litecoin have continued to plummet to new lows.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Notably, individual investors appear to be more confident than institutions when investing in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
extreme scenarios; a recession;	Even in extreme scenarios such as a recession or financial crises, there are more liquid and less-complicated instruments for transacting, investing and hedging.
extreme scenarios; financial crises;	Even in extreme scenarios such as a recession or financial crises, there are more liquid and less-complicated instruments for transacting, investing and hedging.
positive developments; the increase;	There have been positive developments such as the increase in transactions on the lightning network and an increase in the number of crypto wallets.
market; Bitcoin;	The crypto market, especially Bitcoin, has seen its fare share of ups and downs over the last months, and some people have started to freak out.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Although he seemed to be adamant that the cryptocurrency could post new all-time highs eventually, Dong made sure to note that there’s a chance that BTC and other cryptocurrencies could establish lower lows in this market cycle.
expansion; traders;	Promises of a testnet had circulated since December, with Binance since launching an over-the-counter desk for large volume traders and other expansion features.
partners; blockchain;	According to him, early access to DEX has already been granted to selected partners such as blockchain explorers, wallet developers, and basically, anyone who has a tool to integrate on DEX.
exchanges; the Kraken;	Over the same time period, other crypto exchanges including the Kraken saw increases of 192% and Bitfinex saw a 50% increase.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Nevertheless, the integration and adoption Crypto Emporium handed in for most cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Litecoin , Ethereum, Ripple’s XRP and Verge amongst others is sure a feather on the cap of the digital assets.
government; Police;	Police and other government agencies use a number of tactics to sniff out marijuana growing operations, both at large scale and even in individual’s homes.
damage; broken doors;	Butvila shared a video walkthrough of his home on Youtube that clearly shows broken doors and other damage, yet no grow room – only a rather small crypto mining setup.
property; a kicked-in door;	First reported by News.com.au, Rob Butvila published a video on YouTube showing the damage to his property, including a kicked-in door, which was done without any warrant.
companies; Bakkt;	Morgan Creek has already made investments in companies such as Bakkt, Blockfi, Coinbase, Realblocks, Harbor, Open Finance Network, Cityblock Capital, Namebase, Good Money, and Digital Assets Data.
companies; Blockfi;	Morgan Creek has already made investments in companies such as Bakkt, Blockfi, Coinbase, Realblocks, Harbor, Open Finance Network, Cityblock Capital, Namebase, Good Money, and Digital Assets Data.
companies; Coinbase;	Morgan Creek has already made investments in companies such as Bakkt, Blockfi, Coinbase, Realblocks, Harbor, Open Finance Network, Cityblock Capital, Namebase, Good Money, and Digital Assets Data.
companies; Realblocks;	Morgan Creek has already made investments in companies such as Bakkt, Blockfi, Coinbase, Realblocks, Harbor, Open Finance Network, Cityblock Capital, Namebase, Good Money, and Digital Assets Data.
companies; Harbor;	Morgan Creek has already made investments in companies such as Bakkt, Blockfi, Coinbase, Realblocks, Harbor, Open Finance Network, Cityblock Capital, Namebase, Good Money, and Digital Assets Data.
companies; Open;	Morgan Creek has already made investments in companies such as Bakkt, Blockfi, Coinbase, Realblocks, Harbor, Open Finance Network, Cityblock Capital, Namebase, Good Money, and Digital Assets Data.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
firms; Coinbase;	According to Forbes, the fund has already invested some of the money in blockchain-based startups such as the Bakkt exchange platform and TrustToken, as well as established firms such as Coinbase.
the VC; a private foundation;	There were also other unnamed parties that will participate in the VC including a private foundation, a hospital system, a university fund, and an insurance firm.
the VC; a hospital;	There were also other unnamed parties that will participate in the VC including a private foundation, a hospital system, a university fund, and an insurance firm.
funds; endowments;	In August of last year, they introduced the Digital Asset Index Fund designed for endowments, pensions, sovereign wealth and other funds access.
funds; pensions;	In August of last year, they introduced the Digital Asset Index Fund designed for endowments, pensions, sovereign wealth and other funds access.
funds; sovereign wealth;	In August of last year, they introduced the Digital Asset Index Fund designed for endowments, pensions, sovereign wealth and other funds access.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoins;	Morgan Creek said that its new fund will majorly focus on investing in cryptocurrencies, especially Bitcoins.
token-based projects; startups;	Moreover, the company also plans to invest in blockchain startups and other token-based projects.
lesser-known companies; Bakkt;	It is likely that investors of this fund will also be having exposure to popular crypto companies like Bakkt, Coinbase and other lesser-known companies like Blockfi, Open Finance Network, RealBlocks, CityBlock Capital etc.
lesser-known companies; Coinbase;	It is likely that investors of this fund will also be having exposure to popular crypto companies like Bakkt, Coinbase and other lesser-known companies like Blockfi, Open Finance Network, RealBlocks, CityBlock Capital etc.
a few institutions; Yale;	The two Virginia pension funds, which Morgan Creek believes are the first such organizations to invest in the crypto sphere, join a few institutions such as Yale University in taking a plunge into the new industry.
issues; market;	However, they have taken a cautious approach because of issues such as market manipulation and lack of regulation.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The fund will also invest a minor portion of its value in cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.
high-profile crypto firms; Coinbase;	Morgan Creek has previously invested in a number of high-profile crypto firms including Coinbase, Bakkt, and Harbor.
high-profile crypto firms; Bakkt;	Morgan Creek has previously invested in a number of high-profile crypto firms including Coinbase, Bakkt, and Harbor.
details; the sartorial choices;	Peppered in with details such as the sartorial choices his PR team in 2010 pushed him towards, which rendered him ‘a poor copy of Steve Jobs,’ Wright claims that the Bitcoin he designed was never an anti-State project, and in fact did not have the political valence that the Cypherpunks, the original usenet group from which Bitcoin was born (at least in the heretofore consensus tale of Bitcoin’s birth) but rather that it was ‘never designed to help an anonymous money-transfer system, and [Wright] was always opposed to those seeking to operate outside the law.’
enterprises; the Silk;	In fact, Wright claims that he purposefully designed the Bitcoin blockchain in such a way as to allow it to be traced, leading directly to the demise of enterprises such as the Silk Road, which he describes as a ‘poison’ which ‘corrupted’ and ‘twisted’ his (supposed) work on the crypto project.
global financial institutions; Arab;	Oracle also mentioned other clients that include a number of global financial institutions such as Arab Jordan Investment Bank, ICS Financial Systems and SDK.Finance.
statistics; rates;	Enhanced REST APIs for event subscription, blockchain administration/configuration, and monitoring of network health, transaction rates, and other statistics, which simplify integration with existing enterprise IT tools.
version; chaincode;	Hyperledger Fabric 1.3 support, which adds many new features based on the evolving open source version, including chaincode development in Java, further leveraging existing enterprise skills, and support for private transactions among a subset of members, preserving privacy and business confidentiality.
offering; business-ready Oracle;	Only Oracle provides a comprehensive blockchain offering, including business-ready Oracle Blockchain Applications Cloud and Oracle Blockchain Platform for developers who need to build or integrate their applications.
Oracle; Cloud;	Oracle’s blockchain applications are built with Oracle Blockchain Platform and seamlessly connect with Oracle Supply Chain Management (SCM) Cloud, Oracle Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Cloud and other Oracle Cloud Applications.
features; chaincode;	Apart from this, Oracle made sure to introduce the right support for the Hyperledger Fabric 1.3, which in turn allowed other features such as chaincode development in Java to be added.
statistics; rates;	Enhanced REST APIs for event subscription, blockchain administration/configuration, and monitoring of network health, transaction rates, and other statistics
media; CCN;	Fairfax County Retirement Systems Director Jeff Weiler published a post in response to CCN and other media’s reporting on the county’s decision to invest in Morgan Creek’s latest offering, the Blockchain Opportunities Fund.
institutions; plans;	It captured $40 million from two Fairfax County pension plans and other institutions.
verticals; a bitcoin exchange;	The IT company published its financial performance on Tuesday, saying that its cryptocurrency verticals, including a bitcoin exchange and mining business, posted circa $74.44 million worth of net sales.
verticals; mining;	The IT company published its financial performance on Tuesday, saying that its cryptocurrency verticals, including a bitcoin exchange and mining business, posted circa $74.44 million worth of net sales.
large currencies; Bitcoin;	PoS, compared to Proof of Work favored by other large currencies such as Bitcoin and Litecoin, rewards investors and collectives for “staking” their coins on the network, thereby reaping the reward of dividends paid out in proportion to the number of coins staked.
large currencies; Litecoin;	PoS, compared to Proof of Work favored by other large currencies such as Bitcoin and Litecoin, rewards investors and collectives for “staking” their coins on the network, thereby reaping the reward of dividends paid out in proportion to the number of coins staked.
digital assets; bitcoin;	Although cryptocurrencies have not yet achieved mainstream adoption, the global percentage of people using bitcoin and other digital assets is growing steadily.
traditional financial institutions; JPMorgan;	Despite reports from traditional financial institutions including JPMorgan Chase, which claim that major retailers are not adopting cryptocurrency payments, digital assets are being used by businesses worldwide.
traditional brick-and-mortar establishments; Montessori;	More traditional brick-and-mortar establishments including Montessori schools and restaurants are also accepting cryptocurrency payments.
EOS; on-chain transactions;	Similarly, in January, analysts at digital assets and regulation trade publication Diar explained that numbers from EOS including on-chain transactions and DApp activity dwarfed that of Ethereum, the largest smart contract protocol in the global market.
EOS; DApp;	Similarly, in January, analysts at digital assets and regulation trade publication Diar explained that numbers from EOS including on-chain transactions and DApp activity dwarfed that of Ethereum, the largest smart contract protocol in the global market.
analysts; Woobull;	Investors and analysts such as Woobull founder Willy Woo and Placeholder VC CIO Ari Paul expected institutional investors to engage with crypto by the third quarter of 2019.
derivatives; options;	Reflecting on the difficulty of weathering the crypto bear market, a Bloomberg article today proposed that crypto investors and miners are increasingly turning to derivatives such as options as a means of pocketing cash short term.
crypto commentators; James;	Expert crypto commentators including James Edwards have explicitly denied this official account, and believe that QuadrigaCX is actively defrauding its customers and investors.
security; hacks;	As such, they potentially enjoy a much higher degree of security than those choosing to leave money on centralised exchanges, which are prone to hacks and other security breaches.
non-custodial wallets; Coinbase;	Since private keys, which are "generated and stored on your mobile device", are "the only way to access your funds on the blockchain" and owns of non-custodial wallets such as Coinbase Wallet "sometimes lose their devices or fail to backup their 12 word recovery phrase in a safe place, thereby "losing their funds forever," it would be a good for users of Coinbase Wallet to use cloud backup for their private keys, and it is now providing a feature that enables just that.
virtual currencies; bitcoin;	According to the company, the idea is to make it easier for its clients to store their bitcoin and other virtual currencies securely and make it impossible for them to lose their funds forever when unforeseen events occur.
All cryptocurrency; Bitcoin;	All cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin and XRP, is first converted into Canadian dollars, US dollars or euros on the Spend Wallet, and then the local fiat is loaded onto the Spend Visa Card for purchases and ATM withdrawals.
All cryptocurrency; XRP;	All cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin and XRP, is first converted into Canadian dollars, US dollars or euros on the Spend Wallet, and then the local fiat is loaded onto the Spend Visa Card for purchases and ATM withdrawals.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	No further details have been disclosed about the operations; however, Spend has gained the recognition of several users and merchants in the community for being tested with other cryptocurrencies such as BTC and XRP.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	No further details have been disclosed about the operations; however, Spend has gained the recognition of several users and merchants in the community for being tested with other cryptocurrencies such as BTC and XRP.
features; IoT-enabled payment;	The new platform will offer such features as IoT-enabled payment, micropayments, pay-per-use, and existing payment processing.
features; micropayments;	The new platform will offer such features as IoT-enabled payment, micropayments, pay-per-use, and existing payment processing.
features; pay-per-use;	The new platform will offer such features as IoT-enabled payment, micropayments, pay-per-use, and existing payment processing.
virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	There are several countries that are opposed to virtual currencies, including Bitcoin.
agencies; the High;	Police officials noted that staff members are cooperating with law enforcement and other government agencies, including the High Tech Crimes Unit.
ERC20; Ether;	An early report from the blockchain analysis platform Elementus showed that $16 million in Ether and other ERC20 tokens was stolen from 76,000 user wallets over the course of five days.
counterparties; ICOs;	The report revealed that QCP has initiated several multi-month call options with counterparties such as ICOs and miners.
counterparties; miners;	The report revealed that QCP has initiated several multi-month call options with counterparties such as ICOs and miners.
Optimistic deals; Morgan;	Optimistic deals such as Morgan Creek’s recent $40 million raise from two public pension funds, an insurance company, a university endowment, and a hospital have improved the sentiment of the market.
stablecoins; Tether;	The first group of traders welcome the idea of stablecoins such as Tether (USDT), True USD (TUSD), Paxos Standard (PAX) and more.
popular fiat currencies; the United;	As the name Stablecoin suggests, they are pegged to popular fiat currencies such as the United States Dollar on a one to one ratio.
a blockchain; EDCCs;	The bill also established that digital records stored on a blockchain, including EDCCs (aka smart contracts), will be understood as legally binding.
several critics; Roger;	This decision may seem crazy, especially considering that a reduction in the already slow blockchain would also imply the possibility of processing a smaller number of transactions, which has been the main argument of several critics such as Roger Ver and many members of the Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin SV communities, who comment that the limit of 1 Mb is unnecessary and only diminishes the scalability of the network.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	What effect will this have on the price of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the short and long run?
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	NASDAQ is the premier exchange for institutional investors, and so the more they shine a spotlight on Bitcoin, Ethereum and other major cryptocurrencies down the road, the more we can expect that institutional investors will begin flushing their money into the crypto markets via these traditional stock trading channels.
major cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	NASDAQ is the premier exchange for institutional investors, and so the more they shine a spotlight on Bitcoin, Ethereum and other major cryptocurrencies down the road, the more we can expect that institutional investors will begin flushing their money into the crypto markets via these traditional stock trading channels.
indices; the Nasdaq;	The two new indices join several dozen of Nasdaq’s indices including the Nasdaq Composite, its main index, and the Nasdaq 100, through its Global Index Data Service.
data; third-party partner;	The data service is a real-time feed that consolidates all Nasdaq indexes and ETF valuation data, including third-party partner data.
indices; the NASDAQ;	The new cryptocurrency indices will soon be part of the several NASDAQ indices such as the NASDAQ Composite and the NASDAQ 100.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	NASDAQ is the premier exchange for institutional investors, and so the more they shine a spotlight on Bitcoin, Ethereum and other major cryptocurrencies down the road, the more we can expect that institutional investors will begin flushing their money into the crypto markets via these traditional stock trading channels.
major cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	NASDAQ is the premier exchange for institutional investors, and so the more they shine a spotlight on Bitcoin, Ethereum and other major cryptocurrencies down the road, the more we can expect that institutional investors will begin flushing their money into the crypto markets via these traditional stock trading channels.
terror; State;	Organizations like Al-Qaeda, the Islamic State and other terror outfits have sought crypto-financing but have relied more on untraceable and liquid methods of finance, like cash.
resources; standards;	The EEA, according to its website is “a member-driven standards organization whose charter is to develop open, blockchain specifications that drive harmonization and interoperability for businesses and consumers worldwide.” Per the press release, the new office is designed to help EEA members in China leverage the EEA’s standards and other resources.
projects; a decentralized exchange;	XRPL Labs is working on a number of projects, including a decentralized exchange, mobile wallet and cold storage operating system.
projects; mobile wallet;	XRPL Labs is working on a number of projects, including a decentralized exchange, mobile wallet and cold storage operating system.
projects; cold storage;	XRPL Labs is working on a number of projects, including a decentralized exchange, mobile wallet and cold storage operating system.
resources; capital;	 According to the announcement, Xpring will now support the development of the various products created through Wietse Wind’s XRPL Labs through capital and other resources, although the exact investment amount was not disclosed.
projects; a decentralized exchange;	XRPL Labs is working on a number of projects, including a decentralized exchange, mobile wallet and cold storage operating system.
projects; mobile wallet;	XRPL Labs is working on a number of projects, including a decentralized exchange, mobile wallet and cold storage operating system.
projects; cold storage;	XRPL Labs is working on a number of projects, including a decentralized exchange, mobile wallet and cold storage operating system.
several external contributors; GitHub;	We had several external contributors, including GitHub user demonstefan, which identified and fixed a bug involving dry offers!”
several prominent investors; Green Visor;	Also this month, San Francisco-based blockchain lending firm Dharma Labs raised $7 million from several prominent investors, including Green Visor Capital, Coinbase Ventures, Polychain Capital, Passport Capital and Y Combinator.
amendments; MultisignReserve;	The XRP Ledger version 1.2.0 includes a number of network amendments, including MultisignReserve Amendment, fixTakerDryOfferRemoval and fix1578 Amendments.
prominent projects; a DEX;	XRPL Labs has already worked on a number of prominent projects, including a DEX UI where users can trade XRP with IOUs or vice versa, a cold storage OS, and a signing platform to easily interact with the XRP Ledger.
platforms; Twitter;	As well, Wind is famed by the XRP community for developing the XRP Tip Bot with its innovative design and ease of use for tipping with XRP on established social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Reddit;	As well, Wind is famed by the XRP community for developing the XRP Tip Bot with its innovative design and ease of use for tipping with XRP on established social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
solutions; off-chain transactions;	EIP 1014: better approach to accommodating network scaling solutions such as off-chain transactions;
smart contracts; trustless;	A stablecoin allows for the benefits of smart contracts, including trustless trades and nearly instant settlement time, without the volatility of cryptocurrencies.
various tasks; storage;	To help blockchain projects with this process, the company is going to provide Keycard API that can be integrated with hardware to fulfill a wide range of various tasks including storage of private keys, tap-to-pay, and many others.
various cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Per the report, the cryptocurrency hardware wallet is compatible with various cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ether and ERC-20 tokens, XRP, and litecoin.
developments; the Lightning;	If major projects like Bakkt show that they are viable and developments such as the Lightning Network pan out, interested yet wary financial giants could be ready to enter the crypto space.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	“It is safest for one to protect their Bitcoin and other digital assets by taking responsibility for securing their own financial capital and keep a check of their own private key.”
markets; the rise;	With several developments taking place in the bear markets such as the rise of Point of Sale Cryptocurrency Systems, the level of Bitcoin adoption will become easier.
competitors; Apple;	Of these methods, the use of cryptocurrencies has already managed to capture 13% of the use, although it remains far from other competitors such as Apple Pay (31%) or PayPal (53%).
premium subscriptions; Tinder;	Then users can use those gift cards to take premium subscriptions such as Tinder Plus or Tinder Gold by paying a monthly fee.
companies; Amazon;	Users can buy a wide range of gift cards or vouchers of companies such as Amazon, Hotels.com, BookMyShow, Big Bazaar, Steam, Viber, Reddit Gold and many more.
companies; Hotels.com;	Users can buy a wide range of gift cards or vouchers of companies such as Amazon, Hotels.com, BookMyShow, Big Bazaar, Steam, Viber, Reddit Gold and many more.
companies; BookMyShow;	Users can buy a wide range of gift cards or vouchers of companies such as Amazon, Hotels.com, BookMyShow, Big Bazaar, Steam, Viber, Reddit Gold and many more.
companies; Big;	Users can buy a wide range of gift cards or vouchers of companies such as Amazon, Hotels.com, BookMyShow, Big Bazaar, Steam, Viber, Reddit Gold and many more.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	In Indonesia bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have been banned as a payment method for years now.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Regulators in Indonesia have finally recognized Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as commodities, thus providing legal backing for trading virtual currencies.
brands; Uber;	Fold already offers users the option to pay for products from Uber, Starbucks and other brands using Bitcoin.
brands; Starbucks;	Fold already offers users the option to pay for products from Uber, Starbucks and other brands using Bitcoin.
figures; Twitter;	As Bitcoinist reported, the Torch, which is a relay transaction circulating around the network, has seen involvement from figures including Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey.
major brands; Dunkin;	The Fold team plans to roll out portals for major brands such as Dunkin’ Donuts, Whole Foods and Target.
options; Whole;	Moreover, the company is planning to integrate lightning for other its shopping options, including Whole Foods, Dunkin Donuts, and Target.
major digital assets; Bitcoin;	In the same time frame, the valuation of the crypto market has slightly increased by 6 percent in a corrective rally fueled by the strong performance of Bitcoin and other major digital assets like Litecoin and Ethereum.
the USD; Gemini;	The Maker team revealed that the supply of Dai has increased by around 20 percent per month on average, competing against conventional stablecoins backed by the USD such as Gemini Dollar and Circle’s USD Coin.
current shortcomings; high data;	The platform is also reportedly looking to address some of the technology’s current shortcomings, including high data storage costs, computing problems, and inefficient single-machine storage.
various services; multi-chian frameworks;	BBE is set to provide developers various services, including multi-chian frameworks, dApp and smart contract templates, and more.
various services; dApp;	BBE is set to provide developers various services, including multi-chian frameworks, dApp and smart contract templates, and more.
various services; smart contract;	BBE is set to provide developers various services, including multi-chian frameworks, dApp and smart contract templates, and more.
several functions; high performance;	The operating system, which is compatible with Baidu’s private cloud, has reportedly been designed based on several functions, including high performance and throughout, scalable storage, cross-chain interaction, contract security, and more.
atop BBE; transportation;	Baidu Cloud gave several potential uses cases for dApps built atop BBE, including transportation of hazardous chemicals and tools for consumer finance.
space; Abra;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; BitPay;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; BitPesa;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Blockchain;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Blockstream;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Brave;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Chainalysis;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Circle;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Coinbase;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Kraken;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Ledger;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
space; Ripple;	 includes some of the biggest names in the crypto space, including Abra, BitPay, BitPesa, Blockchain, Blockstream, Brave, Chainalysis, Circle, Coinbase, Kraken, Ledger, Ripple, and Xapo.
introduce several changes; a significant update;	The version 1.2.0 introduce several changes, including a significant update on the security, as reported by Finance Magnates.
extant options; SWIFT;	JPM Coin will initially focus on international settlements by major corporations, helping speed up transactions that currently take a day or longer using extant options such as SWIFT.
decentralized cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	However, there would certainly be a difference in the modus operandi of JPM Coin and Bitcoin and other decentralized cryptocurrencies.
assets; the money;	The token will be used mainly to settle payments using the money, securities, and other assets by between the company’s payment business clients.
assets; securities;	The token will be used mainly to settle payments using the money, securities, and other assets by between the company’s payment business clients.
Coin; international payments;	“The applications are frankly quite endless; anything where you have a distributed ledger which involves corporations or institutions can use this.” Farooq revealed there are 3 early applications for JPM Coin, including international payments for large corporate clients, securities transactions with instant settlements, and as a replacement for dollars held through JPMorgan’s corporate treasury services.
stablecoins; Tether;	This puts it in the field of other stablecoins such as Tether and USDC.
stablecoins; USDC;	This puts it in the field of other stablecoins such as Tether and USDC.
platforms; SWIFT;	Previously, these transactions have relied on platforms such as SWIFT which can take up to five days.
operations; salary settlements;	JP Morgan caters to some of the biggest companies globally, handling such operations as salary settlements and supplier payments.
financial institutions; banks;	Ripple has partnerships with around 200 banks and other financial institutions, many of whom have conducted trials and pilots on its xCurrent system.
Multinational corporations; Apple;	Multinational corporations such as Apple, Facebook, GM etc all need to have cash moving around between their subsidiaries within and across borders so that they can – among other things – pay suppliers and employees.
Multinational corporations; Facebook;	Multinational corporations such as Apple, Facebook, GM etc all need to have cash moving around between their subsidiaries within and across borders so that they can – among other things – pay suppliers and employees.
Multinational corporations; GM;	Multinational corporations such as Apple, Facebook, GM etc all need to have cash moving around between their subsidiaries within and across borders so that they can – among other things – pay suppliers and employees.
institutions; JP;	Large banks and institutions such as JP Morgan will have to invest large sums of money to remain as leaders in this competitive market.
products; the XRP;	With similar stated utility, the JPM Coin is essentially pursuing exactly the market that the Ripple company is going after with its line of products, including the XRP token.
networks; SWIFT;	Currently, these types of payments are generally facilitated through decades-old payment networks such as SWIFT, which often take more than a day to settle and has been prone to errors.
banks; major corporations;	The JPM Coin will only be available to accredited institutions approved by regulators, such as major corporations and other banks.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JP Morgan Chase, has long been a skeptic of cryptocurrencies, especially Bitcoin.
crypto assets; Bitcoin;	Thus, while Dimon still seems to be convinced that Bitcoin and other crypto assets aren’t fine and dandy, JP Morgan’s blockchain division are likely looking at green boxes in their books, rather than the morals of JPM Coin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	More to the point, as we’ve reported here at CCN where we are experts on the subject as opposed to tourists with an anti-crypto axe to grind, JP Morgan helps expose its clients to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
independent digital assets; XRP;	On the other hand, he believes that only independent digital assets such as XRP can bring finance into the modern, innovative era.
options; SWIFT;	Notably, as reported, JPMorgan has outlined that JMP Coin will be initially be focused on facilitating international settlements by major corporations, helping speed up transactions that currently take a day or longer using existing options such as SWIFT — a similar prospective area of application to that of Ripple.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Coinsquare, a cryptocurrency trading platform for trading Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies, announced it has acquired StellarX.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Coinsquare, a cryptocurrency trading platform for trading Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies, announced it has acquired StellarX.
fiat currencies; the euro;	The company positions itself as fiat onramp, as it allows users to deposit fiat money directly from their bank accounts, as well as lists digital tokens for a number of fiat currencies including the euro, Chinese yuan, Hong Kong dollar, the British pound and others.
fiat currencies; Chinese yuan;	The company positions itself as fiat onramp, as it allows users to deposit fiat money directly from their bank accounts, as well as lists digital tokens for a number of fiat currencies including the euro, Chinese yuan, Hong Kong dollar, the British pound and others.
fiat currencies; Hong;	The company positions itself as fiat onramp, as it allows users to deposit fiat money directly from their bank accounts, as well as lists digital tokens for a number of fiat currencies including the euro, Chinese yuan, Hong Kong dollar, the British pound and others.
companies; Netflix;	Out of step with the instant delivery and digital streaming ethos that drives big tech companies such as Netflix, CashApp and Spotify, the incumbent is fighting a turning tide.
companies; CashApp;	Out of step with the instant delivery and digital streaming ethos that drives big tech companies such as Netflix, CashApp and Spotify, the incumbent is fighting a turning tide.
companies; Spotify;	Out of step with the instant delivery and digital streaming ethos that drives big tech companies such as Netflix, CashApp and Spotify, the incumbent is fighting a turning tide.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin, Dash, Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin SV were inspired by the idea of creating a peer-to-peer network where people can send and receive money free of middlemen and interference.
cryptocurrencies; Dash;	Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin, Dash, Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin SV were inspired by the idea of creating a peer-to-peer network where people can send and receive money free of middlemen and interference.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin, Dash, Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin SV were inspired by the idea of creating a peer-to-peer network where people can send and receive money free of middlemen and interference.
independent digital assets; XRP;	He believes that only independent digital assets such as XRP can bring finance into the modern, innovative era.
coins; Bitcoin;	As the payment flow of JPM Coin demonstrates several of Ethereum’s core benefits for the finance and banking industry, some are afraid of the impact the newly-created currency may have on other coins, including Bitcoin, XRP, and others, and the crypto market in general.
coins; XRP;	As the payment flow of JPM Coin demonstrates several of Ethereum’s core benefits for the finance and banking industry, some are afraid of the impact the newly-created currency may have on other coins, including Bitcoin, XRP, and others, and the crypto market in general.
the past year; things;	Importantly, the company has listed numerous altcoins over the past year, including things like the Basic Attention Token.
factors; the fact;	It explained: "Coinbase has made this decision based on a number of factors including the fact that ABC has a higher hashrate and a longer proof-of-work chain."
Islamic; East;	Part of the agreement, the bank has said, it to reduce confirmation times which used to take hours to mere seconds as the Sharia Law complaint Ripple continue to promote and sink their roots deeper in Middle East and other Islamic countries.
altcoins; Bitcoin;	Wyoming is the first state in the US to pass a clear regulatory framework for Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, Litecoin, EOS and other altcoins, setting the stage for cryptocurrency investors, entrepreneurs and crypto-related businesses to flourish in the state.
altcoins; XRP;	Wyoming is the first state in the US to pass a clear regulatory framework for Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, Litecoin, EOS and other altcoins, setting the stage for cryptocurrency investors, entrepreneurs and crypto-related businesses to flourish in the state.
altcoins; Ethereum;	Wyoming is the first state in the US to pass a clear regulatory framework for Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, Litecoin, EOS and other altcoins, setting the stage for cryptocurrency investors, entrepreneurs and crypto-related businesses to flourish in the state.
altcoins; Litecoin;	Wyoming is the first state in the US to pass a clear regulatory framework for Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, Litecoin, EOS and other altcoins, setting the stage for cryptocurrency investors, entrepreneurs and crypto-related businesses to flourish in the state.
altcoins; EOS;	Wyoming is the first state in the US to pass a clear regulatory framework for Bitcoin, XRP, Ethereum, Litecoin, EOS and other altcoins, setting the stage for cryptocurrency investors, entrepreneurs and crypto-related businesses to flourish in the state.
members; Twitter;	The #LNTrustChain movement is still going strong, with crypto community members such as Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao and Elizabeth Stark, CEO and co-founder of Lightning Labs all playing their part in carrying the lightning torch.
firms; Multicoin;	Executives at major cryptocurrency investment firms such as Multicoin Capital raised a similar issue for XRP.
well-performing cryptocurrencies; Binance;	But, in comparison to other well-performing cryptocurrencies such as Binance Coin and Bitcoin, XRP has underperformed.
crypto exchanges; BitStamp;	First, subscription supports the site helping them expand their sources—they currently drawn them from more than 25 crypto exchanges including BitStamp, Binance and BitFinex.
crypto exchanges; Binance;	First, subscription supports the site helping them expand their sources—they currently drawn them from more than 25 crypto exchanges including BitStamp, Binance and BitFinex.
crypto exchanges; BitFinex;	First, subscription supports the site helping them expand their sources—they currently drawn them from more than 25 crypto exchanges including BitStamp, Binance and BitFinex.
persons; experts;	Most coins have begun gearing up for the crypto bull comeback as persons including experts continue to stress its closeness.
companies; startups;	While one of the objectives of Nobitex in the FinTech space is “Collaboration with startups and other companies to create a payment gateway through digital currencies to settle with foreign customers“, XRP is sure a great match for the platform.
Cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	French Crypto startup Digycode has partnered with Paris based payments giant Ingenico to enable over 10,000 retails shops to sell coupons of Cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), XRP, Litecoin (LTC) and Dash.
the service; multiple IDs;	The exchange requires an extensive amount of Know-Your-Customer/Anti-Money-Laundering information to be submitted, in order to take full advantage of the service, including multiple IDs and even utility bills.
social platforms; Twitter;	Thanks, Coinbase, what else [would we] expect from you.” This sentiment was largely shared across Twitter and other social platforms.
Native support; Rakuten;	Native support such as Rakuten Card and payment cards, barcodes, and QR code payments will take center stage.
”; QR;	This upgrade is thought to include support for cryptocurrency payments, with the firm describing one major update to the payment app as “all payment solutions embedded into one platform,” including QR code payments, and a pre-paid card payment option.
retailers; Old;	The platform allows users to buy and send virtual gift cards from more than 600 retailers including Old Navy, Banana Republic, Amazon, Best Buy, Bed Bath & Beyond, Gap, Target, Kohl’s, Nike, Macy’s and more.
top cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	It first offered Bitcoin trading in 2013 via derivative trading (CFDs), and later added support for Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin and other top cryptocurrencies.
top cryptocurrencies; XRP;	It first offered Bitcoin trading in 2013 via derivative trading (CFDs), and later added support for Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin and other top cryptocurrencies.
top cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	It first offered Bitcoin trading in 2013 via derivative trading (CFDs), and later added support for Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin and other top cryptocurrencies.
top cryptocurrencies; BTC;	It offers trading options for top cryptocurrencies including BTC, XRP, ETH among others.
top cryptocurrencies; XRP;	It offers trading options for top cryptocurrencies including BTC, XRP, ETH among others.
top cryptocurrencies; ETH;	It offers trading options for top cryptocurrencies including BTC, XRP, ETH among others.
core; Buterin;	Ethereum (ETH) co-founder Vitalik Buterin and other core devs have dismissed allegations that a new smart contract creation feature set to be released in the forthcoming Constantinople hard fork will have negative security implications.
smart contract; Ethereum;	Can NEO become a serious rival to Ethereum and other smart contract platforms?
mechanisms; SMS;	Numerous updates to the security mechanisms, including SMS authentication, a device trust system and protective walls to reinforce user information and assets.
various upgrades; new order;	It’ll bring in various upgrades, including new order types, more security, and better control.
the market; Bitcoin;	Basic Attention Token (BAT) took the chance of being an Ethereum-based ad-exchange platform, to lead not just Ethereum (ETH) but other first 34 coins in the market including Bitcoin.
blockchain; Steem;	Of course it is competing with the likes of Steem, Tron and other blockchain technologies in the content industry, but the fact that it is accepted by major content publishers like Vice, Barron’s, The Guardian, Washington Post, and Vimeo is an edge.
blockchain; Tron;	Of course it is competing with the likes of Steem, Tron and other blockchain technologies in the content industry, but the fact that it is accepted by major content publishers like Vice, Barron’s, The Guardian, Washington Post, and Vimeo is an edge.
financial funds; viritual asset;	The bank’s position now allows for the creation of financial funds including viritual asset for professional investors.
regulatory aspects; taxation;	Covering a wide range of regulatory aspects including taxation, accounting and anti-money laundering (AML), lawmakers appeared to single out an ICO token’s “granting profits or governance rights” as the key determining factor as to whether it constitutes a security.
regulatory aspects; accounting;	Covering a wide range of regulatory aspects including taxation, accounting and anti-money laundering (AML), lawmakers appeared to single out an ICO token’s “granting profits or governance rights” as the key determining factor as to whether it constitutes a security.
regulatory aspects; anti-money laundering;	Covering a wide range of regulatory aspects including taxation, accounting and anti-money laundering (AML), lawmakers appeared to single out an ICO token’s “granting profits or governance rights” as the key determining factor as to whether it constitutes a security.
measures; customer;	When crypto-related services are provided, risk mitigating measures such as customer identification, limited movement of the virtual assets within the FMP and coverage with traditional assets should be applied.
interested parties; users;	ShapeShift users and other interested parties can register for the beta here, or sign in if they have an access code.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
giants; Nasdaq;	The company, a designated contract market and pending derivatives clearing organization, has close ties to fintech industry giants such as Nasdaq, ConsenSys and TD Ameritrade and has largely been seen as a rival to Bakkt.
giants; ConsenSys;	The company, a designated contract market and pending derivatives clearing organization, has close ties to fintech industry giants such as Nasdaq, ConsenSys and TD Ameritrade and has largely been seen as a rival to Bakkt.
giants; TD;	The company, a designated contract market and pending derivatives clearing organization, has close ties to fintech industry giants such as Nasdaq, ConsenSys and TD Ameritrade and has largely been seen as a rival to Bakkt.
cryptocurrencies; the last several months;	Over the last several months, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have shown sideways movement.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Over the last several months, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have shown sideways movement.
Tokens; Basic Attention;	Tokens such as Basic Attention Token, Bancor, Golem, and Maker have recorded gains in the range of 8 to 12 percent against both Bitcoin and the USD on the day.
the virtual currencies; Ethereum;	Most of the virtual currencies, including Ethereum (ETH) have skyrocketed.
virtual currencies; Ethereum;	Ethereum and other virtual currencies in the market started to grow very fast as we don’t see in a very long time.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
platforms; Coinbase;	Other platforms, including Coinbase, Bitstamp, and Bittrex are currently closer to the $3,700 mark, giving Bitcoin a $65 billion market cap.
platforms; Bitstamp;	Other platforms, including Coinbase, Bitstamp, and Bittrex are currently closer to the $3,700 mark, giving Bitcoin a $65 billion market cap.
cryptos; bitcoin;	The currency is an exact opposite of the decentralized cryptos such as bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptos; Ethereum;	The currency is an exact opposite of the decentralized cryptos such as bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptos; bitcoin;	And while it may never end up using decentralized cryptos such as bitcoin, the market seemed to respond positively.
cryptos; the market;	And while it may never end up using decentralized cryptos such as bitcoin, the market seemed to respond positively.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Bitmain, the crypto, blockchain, and AI development company, today announced its next-generation 7nm ASIC chip, BM1397, which achieves new benchmarks in performance, chip area and energy efficiency for mining cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH), that use the SHA256 algorithm for their Proof of Work (PoW).
banks; Santander;	“Practical use for international remittances using distributed ledger technology (DLT), including Ripple’s digital asset, is getting widespread, and already big overseas companies like Santander and other banks are actually beginning to move.
financial institutions; many banks;	Ripple has spread its coverage so wide by partnering with many banks and other financial institutions.
banks; Santander;	“Practical use for international remittances using distributed ledger technology (DLT), including Ripple’s digital asset, is getting widespread, and already big overseas companies like Santander and other banks are actually beginning to move,” he said.
projects; support;	Being an active supporter of Ripple, SBI has a lot of joint ventures with Ripple, and SBI has already invested a number of various cryptocurrency projects, including support of Tangem blockchain smart card wallet producer and building of its own crypto exchange.
financial institutions; central banks;	Now Ripple has over 200 partnership with financial institutions including central banks and is actively working on a further expansion of its network.
industries; the auto;	Sources say there is keen interest from tech investors and market participants from a wide range of industries, including the auto industry, the energy sector, and pharmaceutical companies.
industries; the auto;	Sources say there is keen interest from tech investors and market participants from a wide range of industries, including the auto industry, the energy sector, and pharmaceutical companies.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Why would I go back in time when I know that the future is Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies?”
enthusiasts; well-known supporters;	Draper has always been much more optimistic about Bitcoin than many other well-known crypto enthusiasts, including well-known supporters of crypto Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong and Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss who founded the Gemini Cryptocurrency Exchange.
crypto; BTC;	When the man was asked to provide a timeline on when he expects that we’ll be able to use crypto such as BTC to buy coffee he said that in about two years we’d get to make small purchases with crypto.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will be so relevant… there will be no reason to have the fiat currencies.”
currencies; Bitcoin;	While typical blockchain based currencies such as Bitcoin may offer a level of anonymity in the ability to transact, the movement of capital is contained within a public ledger that can be traced for legal purposes.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Draper also went on to state his belief that fiat in banks is less security than the value he stores through digital assets such as Bitcoin, claiming, “My bank is constantly under a hack attack,” while noting that no one has been able to hack or manipulate BTC backed by blockchain.
digital assets; claiming;	Draper also went on to state his belief that fiat in banks is less security than the value he stores through digital assets such as Bitcoin, claiming, “My bank is constantly under a hack attack,” while noting that no one has been able to hack or manipulate BTC backed by blockchain.
digital assets; “;	Draper also went on to state his belief that fiat in banks is less security than the value he stores through digital assets such as Bitcoin, claiming, “My bank is constantly under a hack attack,” while noting that no one has been able to hack or manipulate BTC backed by blockchain.
others; JP;	He was steadfast while others, including JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon, made jokes about Bitcoin being tulips.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Draper has previously talked about all the ways Bitcoin and other cryptos are going to change the way consumers buy things.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Why would I go back in time when I know that the future is Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies?
cryptocurrencies; the Bitcoin;	Interestingly, Draper’s assessment about criminals soon ditching the Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies was somewhat echoed by an agent of the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) earlier in Aug 2017.
blockchain-powered digital currencies; Bitcoin;	On the issue of security, Draper gave his vote of confidence to blockchain-powered digital currencies such as Bitcoin.
platforms; Binance;	We discussed his price prediction for Bitcoin for 2019, his growing status of Bitcoin bull, the development of platforms such as Binance and what the launch of JPM Coin means for the cryptocurrency space.
not-for-profit organizations; organizations;	"colleges, universities, foundations, health care organizations, and other not-for-profit organizations";
crypto; venture;	The advisory firm urges institutions to look at the different ways of investing in crypto such as venture capital and acquiring tokens on exchanges.
trusted institutions; Fidelity;	Former Wall Street hedge fund manager Mike Novogratz recently said that institutional money is going to start flowing into the cryptocurrency market within the next 6 to 12 months, following the roll-out of custody solutions by trusted institutions such as Fidelity.
many big cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	As per the reports quoted by Bloomberg, the collapse in the prices of many big cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin [BTC], has not helped its case.
”; the different ways;	Cambridge recommends interested firms to spend “a considerable amount of time learning about the space,” including the different ways of investing, from illiquid venture capital funds to buying tokens on cryptocurrency exchanges.
parts; Mumbai;	“The accused held meetings in Mumbai, Surat and other parts of Gujarat, and lured people into investing their hard-earned money by promising to double it in two months.
parts; Surat;	“The accused held meetings in Mumbai, Surat and other parts of Gujarat, and lured people into investing their hard-earned money by promising to double it in two months.
parts; Mumbai;	“The accused held meetings in Mumbai, Surat, and other parts of Gujarat, and lured people into investing their hard-earned money by promising to double it in two months.
parts; Surat;	“The accused held meetings in Mumbai, Surat, and other parts of Gujarat, and lured people into investing their hard-earned money by promising to double it in two months.
many major exchanges; Binance;	The recently launched token has already been listed on many major exchanges, including Binance and Bitfinex.
many major exchanges; Bitfinex;	The recently launched token has already been listed on many major exchanges, including Binance and Bitfinex.
threats; terrorism;	The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), known for working on high-profile crimes, acts of terrorism, and other threats to the public, has recently outlined what they believe is the key to avoiding fraudulent initial coin offerings (ICOs).
platform; Bitcoin;	Last month, OKEx added seven new crypto derivative pairs to its platform, including Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Bitcoin SV (BSV), EOS (EOS), Ethereum Classic (ETC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC) and Ripple (XRP), as Cointelegraph reported on Jan. 3.
channels; Twitter;	With so much aggressive publicity on Twitter and other channels, Sun has earned attention and followership which became evident when his Twitter followers recently surpassed those of Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin.
respective platforms; games;	The three major dapp platforms are Ethereum, EOS and TRON, and each of the three has a significant and varied collection of applications running on their respective platforms including games, job marketplaces, and betting markets.
respective platforms; job;	The three major dapp platforms are Ethereum, EOS and TRON, and each of the three has a significant and varied collection of applications running on their respective platforms including games, job marketplaces, and betting markets.
dapps; the number;	Dapp.review records information on the state of dapps, including the number of dapps on each platform as well as the number of active users.
developments; Casper;	Ethereum is busy building the foundations for the long-term success of the project including developments such as Casper and sharding, which would allow for it scale immensely and avoid possible performance bottlenecks in the use of dapps, such as when it happened in the case of CryptoKitties.
developments; sharding;	Ethereum is busy building the foundations for the long-term success of the project including developments such as Casper and sharding, which would allow for it scale immensely and avoid possible performance bottlenecks in the use of dapps, such as when it happened in the case of CryptoKitties.
Cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The Palo-Alto based company already supports over 100 Cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and others.
Asia; China;	People continue to underestimate the big Tron user base in Asia such as China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, etc.
Asia; Japan;	People continue to underestimate the big Tron user base in Asia such as China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, etc.
Asia; Korea;	People continue to underestimate the big Tron user base in Asia such as China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, etc.
Asia; Malaysia;	People continue to underestimate the big Tron user base in Asia such as China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, etc.
Asia; Vietnam;	People continue to underestimate the big Tron user base in Asia such as China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, etc.
Asia; Indonesia;	People continue to underestimate the big Tron user base in Asia such as China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, etc.
Asia; etc;	People continue to underestimate the big Tron user base in Asia such as China, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, etc.
things; governance;	Delving deeper into his community’s concerns, Blumer stated that there has been a lot of generated hype in the community about decentralized applications, upgrades, optimal decentralized governance, and other things.
virtual currencies; ’ blockchain;	Neutrino is focused on developing a comprehensive platform for analyzing, tracking and investigating bitcoins’ blockchain and other virtual currencies.
entities; governments;	A further article in UK newspaper the Telegraph in 2015 saw the company’s founder David Vincenzetti confirm such capabilities were being sold to governments and other entities in 20 countries.
services; exchanges;	It allows investigators to follow the flow of specific coins and their interaction with exchanges, mixers and other services as well as to spot people buying and selling goods on darknet markets, how much they spent, what they bought and from whom.
services; mixers;	It allows investigators to follow the flow of specific coins and their interaction with exchanges, mixers and other services as well as to spot people buying and selling goods on darknet markets, how much they spent, what they bought and from whom.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
platforms; Medium;	The team at Tippin plans on integrating the service to other social media platforms such as Medium and Youtube.
platforms; Youtube;	The team at Tippin plans on integrating the service to other social media platforms such as Medium and Youtube.
the last few weeks; numerous Lightning;	Ignoring the major developments in the space in even the last few weeks, including numerous Lightning Network products and a litany of announcements made during ETHDenver, Bloomberg hammered home the idea that the banking giant is the market driver.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	However, with news of a record day of trading for CME’s Bitcoin futures on the 19th of this month, and the input of hedge fund sources to the Abacus Journal, it is worth concluding that the JPM Coin might just have catalyzed renewed investor interest in BTC and other cryptocurrencies.
digital assets; bitcoin;	According to Copeland and other crypto analysts, Google’s decisions and actions as a company may not necessarily be in favor of bitcoin and other digital assets.
the pre-existing services; BMW;	Notable users of the pre-existing services including BMW, BYD Auto, BrightFood, DB Schenker, and D.I.G.
the pre-existing services; BYD;	Notable users of the pre-existing services including BMW, BYD Auto, BrightFood, DB Schenker, and D.I.G.
systems; ERPs;	Amazon EC2, Elastic Load Balancing, and Amazon CloudFront on the application front to collect raw data from systems such as ERPs.
third-party certifications; ISO;	“AWS has achieved dozens of third-party certifications including ISO 27017 Cloud Security, ISO 27018 Cloud Privacy, SOC 1, SOC 2, SOC 3, and PCI DSS Level 1, providing strong and essential support for the secure certification of VeChain’s BaaS solution.”
standards; ISO27001;	VeChain refers to global security standards, including ISO27001, GDPR in the European Union, and China’s network security law, for product and internal control processes.
standards; GDPR;	VeChain refers to global security standards, including ISO27001, GDPR in the European Union, and China’s network security law, for product and internal control processes.
standards; China;	VeChain refers to multiple global security standards including China’s network security law, GDPR in the European Union, and ISO27001 for all its product and internal control processes.
markets; XRP;	That also means all other markets, including XRP, will have a good time in the next few weeks.
major exchanges; BitMEX;	Ethereum, which recorded a 10 percent increase in value on the day following a strong day on February 18, also reached record high volumes across major exchanges such as BitMEX.
top altcoins; ETH;	Beginning on Sunday evening (February 17), there has been a market-wide rally, with top altcoins including ETH, XRP and EOS experiencing significant price surges.
top altcoins; XRP;	Beginning on Sunday evening (February 17), there has been a market-wide rally, with top altcoins including ETH, XRP and EOS experiencing significant price surges.
top altcoins; EOS;	Beginning on Sunday evening (February 17), there has been a market-wide rally, with top altcoins including ETH, XRP and EOS experiencing significant price surges.
coins; Ethereum;	Yesterday, coins such as Ethereum and EOS were the best performers of the day, surging 20% and at some point even over 30%.
coins; EOS;	Yesterday, coins such as Ethereum and EOS were the best performers of the day, surging 20% and at some point even over 30%.
criminal activity; avoidance;	As the authors argue, the anonymity provided by paper banknotes means cash can aid in money laundering, tax avoidance, and other criminal activity.
financial institutions; the general public;	On a practical level, the authors map out several possible ways CBDCs can be developed and regulated as well as explore how to provide them to the general public and other financial institutions.
months; undisclosed amounts;	Buterin notes that in addition to income from the Ethereum Foundation, he has received other salary over the past 12 months, including undisclosed amounts in “advisor tokens” presumably for his work on behalf of some of the Ethereum-based projects mentioned above.
Core; Buterin;	On a Reddit AMA session published on February 18th, the Creator of Ethereum (ETH) Vitalik Buterin and other Core developers disclosed their Cryptocurrency holdings.
small-cap tokens; the decentralized exchange;	He also holds small-cap tokens including the decentralized exchange token Kyber Network (KNC), the decentralized stable coin governance token Maker (MKR), decentralized payment network platform OmiseGo (OMG) and Decentralized Prediction marketplace (REP) which combined constitute less than 10% of his ETH holdings.
non-Ethereum-ecosystem tokens; Bitcoin;	Listed at the top of the Reddit thread is Buterin’s summary of his crypto portfolio, where he reveals that he holds only 4 non-Ethereum-ecosystem tokens including Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Bitcoin (BTC), Dogecoin (DOGE) and Zcash (ZEC).
tokens; Kyber;	Buterin also holds a set of non-ETH Ethereum ecosystem tokens, including Kyber Network (KNC), OmiseGo (OMG), Maker (MKR), and Augur (REP).
non-token-based Ethereum-related organizations; L4;	To be as transparent as possible, Buterin even disclosed his non-financial interests, which include friends and getting involved with the crypto projects mentioned above, as well as non-token-based Ethereum-related organizations such as L4, Plasma Group, EthGlobal, and EDCON.
non-token-based Ethereum-related organizations; Plasma;	To be as transparent as possible, Buterin even disclosed his non-financial interests, which include friends and getting involved with the crypto projects mentioned above, as well as non-token-based Ethereum-related organizations such as L4, Plasma Group, EthGlobal, and EDCON.
policies; D;	Also, BitGo provides "a comprehensive set of corporate insurance policies including D&O, E&O, and Cyber Theft."
eccentric items; Rolling;	Lloyd’s had nearly $43.8 billion in gross written premiums in 2017, and has insured such eccentric items as Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richard’s hands.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The company offers support for over 100 cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	The company offers support for over 100 cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
crypto custodian services; Citigroup;	BitGo joins a growing number of companies that offer crypto custodian services, including Citigroup, Coinbase and Gemini, all of which are targeting institutional investors.
crypto custodian services; Coinbase;	BitGo joins a growing number of companies that offer crypto custodian services, including Citigroup, Coinbase and Gemini, all of which are targeting institutional investors.
crypto custodian services; Gemini;	BitGo joins a growing number of companies that offer crypto custodian services, including Citigroup, Coinbase and Gemini, all of which are targeting institutional investors.
security; hacks;	Top crypto exchanges typically keep a large portion of their funds in cold storage to protect against hacks and other security breaches.
hazards; employees;	The assets will be covered for third-party hacks, physical loss or damage of private keys, insider theft by employees and other hazards.
others; Binance;	In late October, Musk tweeted out, “Wanna buy some Bitcoin?” which sent the cryptocurrency community into a tizzy, many users excited at the prospect of a fruitful collaboration between the Tesla CEO and others such as Binance’s Changpeng Zhao.
topics; crypto;	However, Elon Musk’s conversation with the financial advisory and investment company touched on a wide number of topics, including crypto.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
celebrities; the Spice;	Weeks ago, NewsBTC reported that a mass of celebrities, including the Spice Girl’s Mel B, Johnny Depp, Madonna, and Lionel Messi, had some involvement in cryptocurrency.
rivals; Google;	Compared to rivals such as Google’s Waymo, Musk said Tesla “must have maybe a hundred times more than anyone else”.
several influencers; Tone;	This notion, which he described as “interesting” has been shared by several influencers such as Tone Vays, Jimmy Song and Max Keiser, who consider that although altcoins have important uses, Bitcoin is the best candidate to become the equivalent of money 2.0.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Unlike Jack Dorsey, Elon Musk, the Tesla CEO, isn’t ready to adopt bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
currencies; Binance;	If that would be the case, currencies such as Binance Coin can see some major repercussions because of it.
several new countries; Singapore;	In January, Binance was rumored to be planning expansion into several new countries, including Singapore, Malta, South Korea, Liechtenstein, Argentina, Russia, Turkey and Bermuda.
several new countries; Malta;	In January, Binance was rumored to be planning expansion into several new countries, including Singapore, Malta, South Korea, Liechtenstein, Argentina, Russia, Turkey and Bermuda.
several new countries; South;	In January, Binance was rumored to be planning expansion into several new countries, including Singapore, Malta, South Korea, Liechtenstein, Argentina, Russia, Turkey and Bermuda.
services; the Binance;	Even if the cryptocurrency market suffered a hit in 2018, Binance didn’t stop creating new exciting services such as the Binance Jersey Exchange, the Binance Charity Foundation and even a learning platform for beginners.
several initiatives; Binance;	Binance has started several initiatives including Binance Charity, Launchpad, Education and is aggressively expanding in countries like Jersey and Uganda to facilitate fiat on ramping.
wallets; Binance;	Importantly, Binance DEX will support various secure and decentralized software and hardware wallets including Binance’s Trust Wallet, Ledger Nano S.
surveillance; real-time monitoring;	The examinations will include cryptocurrency surveillance practices, as well as other market and trading surveillance, including real-time monitoring.
new products; Blockchain;	The opening of a new office is just the latest development for the fast-paced company, which has recently doubled headcount and launched a suite of new products including Blockchain Swap, a next-generation trading platform, and Lockbox, its portable hardware vault.
investors; Lightspeed;	Blockchain has raised over $70 million in funding from leading investors including Lightspeed Venture Partners and Google Ventures.
a physical commodity; gold;	However, instead of tracking a physical commodity such as gold or oil, a bitcoin ETF derives its share value from the price of bitcoin.
a physical commodity; oil;	However, instead of tracking a physical commodity such as gold or oil, a bitcoin ETF derives its share value from the price of bitcoin.
major market; regulators;	According to Gabor Gurbacs, director of digital asset strategy at VanEck who also spoke to CoinDesk, the company has actively been working with regulators and other major market participants to bring simplicity, transparency, and professional market standards to digital assets.
various sources; Galaxy;	As Bitcoinist reported, that theory has gained the favor from various sources, including Galaxy Digital founder Mike Novogratz and Civic CEO Vinny Lingham in recent weeks.
investors; institutions;	No additional capital from a new group of investors such as institutions is necessary for BTC to initiate a proper trend reversal in the foreseeable future.
Several cryptocurrencies; Binance;	Several cryptocurrencies including Binance Coin have recorded large gains in the 5 to 20 percent range amidst highly anticipated product launches.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Other cryptocurrencies, including Litecoin, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum, have also seen their prices rise this week.
cryptocurrencies; EOS;	Other cryptocurrencies, including Litecoin, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum, have also seen their prices rise this week.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Other cryptocurrencies, including Litecoin, EOS, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum, have also seen their prices rise this week.
regulatory sandbox; SprinkleXchange;	Twenty-eight companies have been given the permission to operate on a trial basis for nine months under the central bank’s regulatory sandbox, including SprinkleXchange which is an initial public offering platform built using blockchain.
currencies; digital currencies;	"We've got letters of intent with several banks around the world to support and issue digital currencies, stablecoins and other currencies," Lund added.
currencies; stablecoins;	"We've got letters of intent with several banks around the world to support and issue digital currencies, stablecoins and other currencies," Lund added.
solutions; XRP;	This announcement has come days after JP Morgan announced the release of their coin something that was expected to trigger a response from other banks; creating cryptocurrencies or adopting payment solutions such as XRP and XLM as the financial industry continues to evolve.
solutions; XLM;	This announcement has come days after JP Morgan announced the release of their coin something that was expected to trigger a response from other banks; creating cryptocurrencies or adopting payment solutions such as XRP and XLM as the financial industry continues to evolve.
crypto assets; Bitcoin;	Europeans now have a new option to convert Bitcoin and other crypto assets into fiat without having to undergo identity verification.
coins; Monero;	Money laundering is viewed as a key concern around cryptocurrency, with privacy coins such as Monero getting an especially bad rap in relation to the practice.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	MyEtherWallet will allow cryptocurrency holders to exchange cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC] and Ethereum [ETH] for Swiss Francs [CHF] or Euros [EUR].
cryptocurrencies; bitcoins;	This would use solar energy to mine cryptocurrencies such as bitcoins, ethereum, dash in a more ecological way.
cryptocurrencies; ethereum;	This would use solar energy to mine cryptocurrencies such as bitcoins, ethereum, dash in a more ecological way.
cryptocurrencies; dash;	This would use solar energy to mine cryptocurrencies such as bitcoins, ethereum, dash in a more ecological way.
multiple blockchains; Bitcoin;	In May last year, Consumer electronics corporation HTC has unveiled “the first native blockchain phone,” HTC Exodus, which will launch with support for multiple blockchains, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum networks and features Brave as its default browser.
hardware; Dolby;	“Engineered for the best possible gaming experience, the Galaxy S10 is built with AI-based on-device gaming performance optimization software and premium hardware including Dolby Atmos for gaming mode and a vapor chamber cooling system.
types; smartphones;	The “Samsung Crypto Wallet,” trademark UK00003363431 explains the wallet is meant for smartphones, tablets, portable computers, and other types of devices.
types; tablets;	The “Samsung Crypto Wallet,” trademark UK00003363431 explains the wallet is meant for smartphones, tablets, portable computers, and other types of devices.
types; portable computers;	The “Samsung Crypto Wallet,” trademark UK00003363431 explains the wallet is meant for smartphones, tablets, portable computers, and other types of devices.
industries; government;	Interestingly, Samsung’s security software has a white paper that says Knox is used widely throughout industries such as government, finance and healthcare.
industries; finance;	Interestingly, Samsung’s security software has a white paper that says Knox is used widely throughout industries such as government, finance and healthcare.
industries; healthcare;	Interestingly, Samsung’s security software has a white paper that says Knox is used widely throughout industries such as government, finance and healthcare.
multiple blockchains; big hitters;	The S10 is the first of a few phones updated for the cryptocurrency era, among contemporary devices such as HTC’s Exodus 1, the so-called “first native blockchain phone,” will also come equipped with an integrated cryptocurrency wallet, capable of supporting multiple blockchains such as big hitters Etherume and Bitcoin, and even comes preinstalled with the Brave browser as default.
applications; –;	Samsung confirmed today that it has integrated “Samsung Knox” into the S10, a feature which uses hardware security to store private keys for blockchain applications, including – presumably – cryptocurrency.
Samsung; crypto private key storage;	Some next level stuff by Samsung including crypto private key storage.
developments; this news;	Regardless, developments such as this news suggest that the bear market may not last much longer — or at least that there is belief across investors and entities in the core strengths of decentralized digital assets.
valuable data; private keys;	The company has included its trademark Samsung Knox mobile security solution as a way to secure valuable data such as private keys and passwords.
valuable data; passwords;	The company has included its trademark Samsung Knox mobile security solution as a way to secure valuable data such as private keys and passwords.
snazzy features; an upgraded camera;	According to Samsung's press release, the Galaxy S10 delivers a number of snazzy features including an upgraded camera, intelligent Wi-Fi, and security software and hardware that "houses your private keys for blockchain-enabled mobile services."
snazzy features; intelligent Wi-Fi;	According to Samsung's press release, the Galaxy S10 delivers a number of snazzy features including an upgraded camera, intelligent Wi-Fi, and security software and hardware that "houses your private keys for blockchain-enabled mobile services."
questions; the amount;	However, the federal law enforcement organization includes a questionnaire for the affected investors, with questions such as the amount they lost, the name of the person who referred them to Bitconnect, or their usernames and emails associated with the now defunct platform:
promoters; Bitcoin;	The global scheme had dozens of promoters, including Bitcoin YouTuber Trevon James.
cryptocurrency; all Bitcoin;	"(a) disclose all Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency wallet addresses, (b) all cryptocurrency trading account addresses, and (c) the identity of the holder/owner of any wallet or cryptocurrency address to which Defendants have transferred any Bitcoin or other cryptocurrency in the past 90 days, so that these assets can be monitored and traced."
topics; information;	Here's the first one with Harvard Law Professor Jonathan Zittrain.I joined his seminar and we covered topics including information fiduciaries, encryption, decentralized services, governance, fighting misinformation, different business models, privacy innovation, and future research areas.I found his ideas fascinating.
technology; information;	In a recent sit down with Harvard Law Professor Jonathan Zittrain, Zuckerberg dove into numerous topics related to the future of technology including information fiduciaries, encryption, decentralized services, governance, fighting misinformation, different business models, privacy innovation and future research areas.
topics; information;	Here's the first one with Harvard Law Professor Jonathan Zittrain.I joined his seminar and we covered topics including information fiduciaries, encryption, decentralized services, governance, fighting misinformation, different business models, privacy innovation, and future research areas.I found his ideas fascinating.
intermediaries; Facebook;	Decentralization will rid the systems of intermediaries such as Facebook and Google.
intermediaries; Google;	Decentralization will rid the systems of intermediaries such as Facebook and Google.
social media; Facebook;	These calls have also implored developers to create a decentralized platform to take on Facebook and other social media platforms.
startups; Basis;	As previously reported by CCN, the company has met with blockchain startups such as Basis, Keybase, and Algorand.
startups; Keybase;	As previously reported by CCN, the company has met with blockchain startups such as Basis, Keybase, and Algorand.
topics; information;	Here's the first one with Harvard Law Professor Jonathan Zittrain.I joined his seminar and we covered topics including information fiduciaries, encryption, decentralized services, governance, fighting misinformation, different business models, privacy innovation, and future research areas.I found his ideas fascinating.
digital assets; TRX;	Tron TRX and other digital assets have been listed for this cover.
digital assets; TRX;	Ben Chan, Chief Technology Officer at BitGo, further explained that institutional investors want a wallet provider and custodian who can support a variety of digital assets such as TRX.
institutional investors; bitcoin;	With this, TRON will join the over 100 currencies that BitGo offers to institutional investors such as bitcoin and ethereum.
institutional investors; ethereum;	With this, TRON will join the over 100 currencies that BitGo offers to institutional investors such as bitcoin and ethereum.
the company; the new Binance;	The Binance CEO spoke on several matters concerning the company, including the new Binance DEX - which saw the deployment of its test net yesterday.
contemporary platforms; Ethereum;	Will Ethereum and other contemporary platforms be able to keep?
open discussion; doxxing;	“Unfortunately, time and time again we have witnessed ecosystem members engage in toxic behavior that discourages open discussion such as doxxing, violent threats, or brigading against people they disagree with.
open discussion; violent threats;	“Unfortunately, time and time again we have witnessed ecosystem members engage in toxic behavior that discourages open discussion such as doxxing, violent threats, or brigading against people they disagree with.
People; Ethereum;	People including Ethereum Foundation’s Hudson Jameson and Chris Hutchinson of Status.im signed the letter.
service; retailers;	It noted that just-in-time is a common way of working for retailers, manufacturers and other service providers as businesses hold a minimum amount of parts, stock, and material needed to create a product or service to depend on smaller, more frequent deliveries.
service; manufacturers;	It noted that just-in-time is a common way of working for retailers, manufacturers and other service providers as businesses hold a minimum amount of parts, stock, and material needed to create a product or service to depend on smaller, more frequent deliveries.
various areas; insurance;	The blockchain tutorial on the Galaxy S10 device introduced the application of blockchain technology in various areas such as insurance, which suggests that Samsung is exploring various applications of the blockchain and cryptocurrencies.
anticipated catalysts; Bakkt;	Prior to the launch of Knox, analysts stated that the integration of native crypto support on the Galaxy S10 that could be used by tens of millions of users may have a more significant impact on crypto than other highly anticipated catalysts such as Bakkt’s Bitcoin futures market and Fidelity’s cryptocurrency custodial service.
parts; the U.S.;	Galaxy S10 devices in the U.S. and other parts of the world are said to feature the new Snapdragon 855, which employs a technology called Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) that seperates the core operating system from a trusted storage where sensitive data is held.
Twitter; UAE-based Premier;	Subsequently, the news was posted by multiple real estate-related accounts on Twitter, including UAE-based Premier Estates.
innovators; e-commerce giant Rakuten;	As Nikkei notes, Japan is already served by payment innovators such as e-commerce giant Rakuten and chat app provider Line, which has itself launched its own cryptocurrency and in-house blockchain.
similar high tech; Tesla;	One can easily imagine Tesla and other similar high tech energy companies decentralizing the electricity grid.
public statements; rates;	In an SEC quarterly filing last year, Tesla said it had received a subpoena over its Model 3 production rates and other public statements relating to Model 3 production.
forms; phishing;	In the interest of preventing fraud and abuse, complying with South Korea’s regulations, and protecting financial markets as well as its users, Huobi Korea announced today it is strengthening its protections against money laundering, identity theft, voice phishing, and other forms of abuse.
exchanges; Korea;	Establish a hotline between Huobi Korea and other exchanges aimed at preventing criminal activity
accidents; voice;	“Our mission is to create an environment where all customers can safely trade, and we plan to actively support our clients in preventing damage caused by accidents such as voice phishing and identity theft.”
blockchain; secondary school;	Although so far certificates from some educational institutions, such as Malta College of Arts, Science and Technology (MCAST) and Institute of Tourism Studies (ITS) have been put on the blockchain, the aim of this new two-year contract is to ensure that "all education certificates will be issued on blockchain, including secondary school certificates issued by State, church and independent schools."
currencies; Bitcoin;	We knew we needed to dominate this technology, so we started experimenting with it a few years back… We thought Bitcoin and other currencies were turning too volatile, but we saw an opportunity with this token to try something new–but also with our skin in the game.
own internal research; some blockchain;	We did our own internal research, including some blockchain analytics, to see if we could help.
markets; BitMEX;	In addition to the big names like Bakkt a number of other prominent crypto companies are looking to enter derivatives markets including BitMEX, BitFlyer, and OKEx.
markets; BitFlyer;	In addition to the big names like Bakkt a number of other prominent crypto companies are looking to enter derivatives markets including BitMEX, BitFlyer, and OKEx.
complex strategies; arbitrage;	Futures just make much higher returns more possible as they are really great for arbitrage and other complex strategies.”
Similar products; Grayscale;	Similar products such as Grayscale’s Bitcoin Trust are also generating a lot of interest with over $800 million invested in Bitcoin exchange traded notes this month.
complex strategies; arbitrage;	Futures just make much higher returns more possible as they are really great for arbitrage and other complex strategies.”
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In other words, with higher valuations, he expects for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to see more traction with the incumbents of the legacy world.
amounts; McKelvey;	According to the document, there are three immediate sources of funds available to Quadriga to fund the proceedings; $18.9 million in bank drafts possessed by payment operator Costodian Inc, $4.39 million in bank drafts held by law firm Stewart McKelvey, and other amounts held by third party payment processors.
amounts; drafts;	It notes there are thee main sources: a payment processor called Costodian that holder about $25 million CAD in bank drafts, Stewart McKelvey which holds about $5.8 million CAD in bank drafts, and other amounts held by various third-party processors.
exchanges; Poloniex;	Notably, blockchain researchers have released data that suggests QuadrigaCX didn’t have any funds stored in cold wallet, and even found suspicious transactions to other exchanges, including Poloniex, Bitfinex, and ShapeShift.
exchanges; Bitfinex;	Notably, blockchain researchers have released data that suggests QuadrigaCX didn’t have any funds stored in cold wallet, and even found suspicious transactions to other exchanges, including Poloniex, Bitfinex, and ShapeShift.
Zcash; research;	 According to the announcement, the Electric Coin Company will continue to solely focus on supporting Zcash, including research and engineering that they admit might never even be adopted into the software.
Zcash; engineering;	 According to the announcement, the Electric Coin Company will continue to solely focus on supporting Zcash, including research and engineering that they admit might never even be adopted into the software.
properties; Twitter;	Social media properties including Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook will change to reflect the new name.
properties; LinkedIn;	Social media properties including Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook will change to reflect the new name.
properties; Facebook;	Social media properties including Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook will change to reflect the new name.
natural resources; oil;	His proposal seemingly includes the creation of a cryptocurrency settlement system for oil, gas, and other natural resources.
natural resources; gas;	His proposal seemingly includes the creation of a cryptocurrency settlement system for oil, gas, and other natural resources.
the main media; Fortune;	Some of the main media including Fortune and The Daily Telegraph took the bait confirming “for sure” that Russia was going to do that, but this news was not backed by any unimpeachable sources.
the main media; The Daily;	Some of the main media including Fortune and The Daily Telegraph took the bait confirming “for sure” that Russia was going to do that, but this news was not backed by any unimpeachable sources.
countries; Russia;	Based on this, the project will bring the greatest benefit to OPEC + countries, including Russia, which will be able to increase oil and gas exports.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Despite the cryptocurrency market crash which has ravaged the industry for more than a year now, data show continuing interest in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
privacy; Zcoin;	We are looking forward to adding more integrations as Trust Wallet is the native decentralized wallet for Binance’s DEX and excited about their support for Zcoin and other privacy coins, and for Zcoin to be among the first non-Ethereum based coins to be added to the wallet.”
cryptocurrencies; ones;	Kling even stated that the monumental rise of enlisted quantitative easing (QE) strategies is “how you would write the script” for the adoption of cryptocurrencies, especially ones that are fully decentralized, the world over.
countries; Venezuelans;	Bitcoinist has reported several times over the course of the last year about the uptick in Venezuelans, Colombians, and other countries in Latin America buying bitcoin.
countries; Colombians;	Bitcoinist has reported several times over the course of the last year about the uptick in Venezuelans, Colombians, and other countries in Latin America buying bitcoin.
method; PayPal;	Freelancers, for example, can no longer use a payment method such as PayPal since local controls only allow Venezuelan banks to use local currency.
a pullback; fomo;	Other observers have been expecting such a pullback as fomo started to rule;
top altcoins; Ethereum;	Other top altcoins such as Ethereum and XRP have also wiped out gains dramatically.
top altcoins; XRP;	Other top altcoins such as Ethereum and XRP have also wiped out gains dramatically.
digital assets; in-game ownership;	Samsung is reportedly relying on decentralized technology in order to secure the distribution of data, manage and share content, and manage digital assets, including in-game ownership, and transactions, the publication notes.
sectors; insurance;	In the Samsung Blockchain Keystore tutorial, the company said that blockchain technology can be used in a variety of sectors including insurance, banking, and e-commerce.
sectors; banking;	In the Samsung Blockchain Keystore tutorial, the company said that blockchain technology can be used in a variety of sectors including insurance, banking, and e-commerce.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	So far, there are no reports on the connection of the Galaxy S10’s Blockchain Keystore and Samsung Pay, making the direct integration of Bitcoin and other digital assets on the widely utilized payment application highly unlikely – for now.
unprofitable departments; venture;	Cutting unprofitable departments such as venture funding and news aggregation was perhaps inevitable.
all operations; the management;	“Please be informed that due to poor market conditions and associated recent staff redundancies here at Huobi Australia, all operations, including the management of our platform, social media channels, and customer support will be managed by our team at Huobi Global headquarters starting 26th February 2019.”
businesses; crypto exchanges;	Even so and despite engagement with crypto exchanges and other businesses, the bank did not bulge on their stand.
many countries; India;	Blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies are still in their nascent stage and many countries, including India, are looking to bring in regulations in the decentralized sphere.
crypto-related cases; the parties;	At the hearing on Feb. 25, the court has given one last opportunity to the Union of India to develop crypto regulation, stressing that afterwards, the Court will stop hearing crypto-related cases, including the parties who demand to reverse the crypto circular released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).
local media; English-language;	Coinbin, which acquired Youbit in 2017, is closing operations as the result of embezzlement from a senior executive, local media including English-language resource Business Korea subsequently reported.
applications; exchanges;	The network plans on being the choice platform for games, wallets, decentralized exchanges, stablecoins and other applications.
applications; stablecoins;	The network plans on being the choice platform for games, wallets, decentralized exchanges, stablecoins and other applications.
prominent companies; Huobi;	IOST partners include prominent companies such as Huobi, DDEX, iBank Digital Asset, CoinGekko, Nirvana Capital and more.
prominent companies; DDEX;	IOST partners include prominent companies such as Huobi, DDEX, iBank Digital Asset, CoinGekko, Nirvana Capital and more.
prominent companies; iBank Digital;	IOST partners include prominent companies such as Huobi, DDEX, iBank Digital Asset, CoinGekko, Nirvana Capital and more.
“ Cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	“Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin are earned by “mining” them with expensive server equipment.
online; mobile data;	Users are able to convert the $3 a month earned in cryptocurrencies into mobile data, airtime, and other online purchases.
online; airtime;	Users are able to convert the $3 a month earned in cryptocurrencies into mobile data, airtime, and other online purchases.
services; mobile top-ups;	The ETN token users mine can be used to pay for services such as mobile top-ups, online services and shopping.
services; online;	The ETN token users mine can be used to pay for services such as mobile top-ups, online services and shopping.
proof-of-work; bitcoin;	BitDeer.com allows global users to mine bitcoin and other proof-of-work protocols without the technical challenges of running a cryptocurrency mining operation.
details; the final sale;	Over 24,000 people pre-signed the User Agreement with 19,860 people successfully submitting a buy order.Full details including the final sale numbers can be found below 👇https://t.co/LfdlupyQHN pic.twitter.com/HBfgLjr4ao
innovations; the world;	Powered by innovations such as the world’s first Smart Ledger, Fetch has digital intelligence at its heart: delivering actionable predictions and instant trust information, while enabling the construction of powerful collaborative models.
the society; transportation;	The main aim of the project is to develop an intelligent infrastructure that will be able to connect different spheres of the economic life of the society including transportation, manufacturing, hospitality and supply chain systems.
the society; manufacturing;	The main aim of the project is to develop an intelligent infrastructure that will be able to connect different spheres of the economic life of the society including transportation, manufacturing, hospitality and supply chain systems.
the society; hospitality;	The main aim of the project is to develop an intelligent infrastructure that will be able to connect different spheres of the economic life of the society including transportation, manufacturing, hospitality and supply chain systems.
the society; supply;	The main aim of the project is to develop an intelligent infrastructure that will be able to connect different spheres of the economic life of the society including transportation, manufacturing, hospitality and supply chain systems.
several industries; banking;	Accenture expects blockchain to radically transform several industries, including banking, healthcare, supply chains and tech ecosystems.
several industries; healthcare;	Accenture expects blockchain to radically transform several industries, including banking, healthcare, supply chains and tech ecosystems.
several industries; supply;	Accenture expects blockchain to radically transform several industries, including banking, healthcare, supply chains and tech ecosystems.
the whole new technology; the blockchain;	However, the billionaire wasn’t entirely opposed to the whole new technology, especially the blockchain technology.
negative comments; the claim;	Among a number of negative comments, including the claim that Bitcoin has “no unique value at all,” Buffett told his interviewer that he had not changed his stance on BTC or cryptocurrency.
February; positive developments;	A number of announcements throughout January and February, including positive developments on a Bitcoin Exchange-Traded Fund and the acceptance of digital assets by JP Morgan Chase, have given investors a glimpse into what could come throughout the remainder of the year.
key indicators; the participation;	In addition, key indicators such as the participation of public pensions in cryptocurrency-backed funds are driving greater insight into the evaluation of coin projects, even if the current price is lagging.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	He warned investors to stay away from Bitcoin and other digital currencies “It is a mirage basically”, he insisted.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	He took the route of several Bitcoin critics who see the potential in the blockchain, the technology that underpins cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin.
words; a “ mirage;	Ahead of a Berkshire Hathaway annual shareholder meeting last year, he told Quick that bitcoin is “probably rat poison squared.” According to Cnbc’s archive, he also used words such as a “mirage,” “not a currency,” and “tulips” to describe the cryptocurrency at the time.
words; ”;	Ahead of a Berkshire Hathaway annual shareholder meeting last year, he told Quick that bitcoin is “probably rat poison squared.” According to Cnbc’s archive, he also used words such as a “mirage,” “not a currency,” and “tulips” to describe the cryptocurrency at the time.
platform; Token;	KoinFox shall also be adding many more intelligent trading tools in its platform such as Token Pools, Margin Trading, Mirror Trading, Algo Trading and Arbitrage, Derivatives, F&O in future..
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
different currencies; US;	In this way, XRP can function as a bridge currency in transactions involving different currencies such as US dollars, Japanese yen, Euros, Francs, and others in use on the XRP network.
pairs; XRP/USD;	The San Francisco based exchange announced on Monday that it will be listing XRP trading pairs including XRP/USD, XRP/EUR, and XRP/BTC on its Pro platform.
pairs; XRP/EUR;	The San Francisco based exchange announced on Monday that it will be listing XRP trading pairs including XRP/USD, XRP/EUR, and XRP/BTC on its Pro platform.
different currencies; US;	In this way, XRP can function as a bridge currency in transactions involving different currencies such as US dollars, Japanese yen, Euros, Francs, and others in use on the XRP network.
European countries; states;	According to the report on the Coinbase blog, XRP/fiat pair will be available in various US states, Canada, Singapore, Australia, the UK, and other European countries.
European countries; Canada;	According to the report on the Coinbase blog, XRP/fiat pair will be available in various US states, Canada, Singapore, Australia, the UK, and other European countries.
European countries; Singapore;	According to the report on the Coinbase blog, XRP/fiat pair will be available in various US states, Canada, Singapore, Australia, the UK, and other European countries.
European countries; Australia;	According to the report on the Coinbase blog, XRP/fiat pair will be available in various US states, Canada, Singapore, Australia, the UK, and other European countries.
European countries; the UK;	According to the report on the Coinbase blog, XRP/fiat pair will be available in various US states, Canada, Singapore, Australia, the UK, and other European countries.
different currencies; the US;	In this way, XRP can function as a bridge currency in transactions involving different currencies such as the US dollars, Japanese yen, Euros, Francs, and others in use on the XRP network”
features; Maker-Taker;	Maker-Taker and other features for liquidity providers and high-volume traders;
options; Market;	New order types and options, including Market Orders;
indices; the Nasdaq;	The two new indices join several dozen of Nasdaq’s indices including the Nasdaq Composite, its main index, and the Nasdaq 100, through its Global Index Data Service.
data; third-party partner;	The data service is a real-time feed that consolidates all Nasdaq indexes and ETF valuation data, including third-party partner data.
factors; the volume;	They take into account factors such as the volume of trade, tick size and book depth from qualified market participants.
factors; depth;	BNC’s Liquid Index (LX) Indices factor in a variety of qualitative and quantitative data such as volume, book depth, tick size, and other factors from qualified market participants, to calculate a fair global value for the price of Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH), expressed in USD, every 30 seconds.
factors; tick size;	BNC’s Liquid Index (LX) Indices factor in a variety of qualitative and quantitative data such as volume, book depth, tick size, and other factors from qualified market participants, to calculate a fair global value for the price of Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH), expressed in USD, every 30 seconds.
factors; depth;	“BNC’s ‘Liquid Index’ (LX) indices are part qualitative and part quantitative, factoring in the stability and quality of constituency as well as the volume, book depth, tick size and other factors from the qualified market participants, to calculate a fair global value for the price of Bitcoin and Ethereum, expressed in USD, every 30 seconds.”
factors; tick size;	“BNC’s ‘Liquid Index’ (LX) indices are part qualitative and part quantitative, factoring in the stability and quality of constituency as well as the volume, book depth, tick size and other factors from the qualified market participants, to calculate a fair global value for the price of Bitcoin and Ethereum, expressed in USD, every 30 seconds.”
European nations; Canada;	When sufficient liquidity is reached, trading will be switched on in the US (excluding New York), Canada, Singapore, UK, Australia, and other European nations.
European nations; Singapore;	When sufficient liquidity is reached, trading will be switched on in the US (excluding New York), Canada, Singapore, UK, Australia, and other European nations.
European nations; UK;	When sufficient liquidity is reached, trading will be switched on in the US (excluding New York), Canada, Singapore, UK, Australia, and other European nations.
European nations; Australia;	When sufficient liquidity is reached, trading will be switched on in the US (excluding New York), Canada, Singapore, UK, Australia, and other European nations.
many areas; game;	As CCN reported on February 25, the official tutorial of the Samsung Blockchain Wallet emphasized that the blockchain can be used in many areas including game items storage.
smartphone; Apple;	Moreover, he suggests that Samsung is trying to aggressively compete against Apple and other smartphone manufacturers.
smartphone; Apple;	Moreover, he suggests that Samsung is trying to aggressively compete against Apple and other smartphone manufacturers.
nations; “ Rwanda;	According to the blog post, the Ugandan launch is part of a broader effort to benefit more schools in Uganda and other nations including “Rwanda, Kenya, and Ethiopia.”
nations; Kenya;	According to the blog post, the Ugandan launch is part of a broader effort to benefit more schools in Uganda and other nations including “Rwanda, Kenya, and Ethiopia.”
provide facilitation; computer;	The BCF Lunch for Children is blossoming in a multitude of ways, with many Chinese volunteers actively working to “provide facilitation, including computer skills, blockchain, and cryptocurrency knowledge transfer, and on-site monitoring [of] the usage of [funds] and lunch distribution.”
platforms; Coinify;	Since the beginning of the year, several trading platforms such as Coinify, Exodus, Waves Platform and CoinPayments have added BSV.
platforms; Exodus;	Since the beginning of the year, several trading platforms such as Coinify, Exodus, Waves Platform and CoinPayments have added BSV.
similar crypto; bitcoin;	Before Julius, Swiss-based Falcon Private Bank had also announced that it would enable its clients to store, trade and invest bitcoin and other similar crypto assets.
financial giants; Nasdaq;	Nasdaq, ICE and other financial giants are also embracing cryptocurrencies.
financial giants; ICE;	Nasdaq, ICE and other financial giants are also embracing cryptocurrencies.
major Swiss banks; Bair;	How do you think Julius Bair and other major Swiss banks’ ventures into the crypto space will impact Bitcoin’s value?
European financial institutions; Swiss;	Julius Baer's announcement joins a string of Swiss and other European financial institutions looking to include digital asset services in what they offer to current and potential clients.
Swiss banks; Swissquote;	A number of Swiss banks, including Swissquote and Falcon, are already active in the cryptocurrency space, but Julius Baer’s entry has drawn keen interest.
Swiss banks; Falcon;	A number of Swiss banks, including Swissquote and Falcon, are already active in the cryptocurrency space, but Julius Baer’s entry has drawn keen interest.
the US; Falcon;	Meanwhile, financial institutions in the US such as Falcon bank have also
services; military-grade secure storage;	Custody services including military-grade secure storage of crypto assets
devices; storage;	 More digital assets devices such as storage and investment solutions are coming for Julius Baer customers as it was announced on February 26, 2019, that they would be teaming up with SEBA to provide such services.
devices; investment;	 More digital assets devices such as storage and investment solutions are coming for Julius Baer customers as it was announced on February 26, 2019, that they would be teaming up with SEBA to provide such services.
manufacturers; Google;	With it, other smartphone manufacturers such as Google or Apple will have to think what to implement if they want to attract the cryptocurrency community.
manufacturers; Apple;	With it, other smartphone manufacturers such as Google or Apple will have to think what to implement if they want to attract the cryptocurrency community.
crypto; XRP;	Moreover, since the listing of XRP, CZ and other crypto figures have been bullish on XRP.
crypto; CZ;	Moreover, since the listing of XRP, CZ and other crypto figures have been bullish on XRP.
smartphone; Apple;	But will this force Apple and other smartphone makers to also enter the crypto-arms race?
the smartphone; support;	In its presentation, Samsung revealed various crypto and blockchain related projects featured on the smartphone, including support for Bitcoin, Ethereum, COSMEE token (COSM) and Enjin’s token (ENJ).
multiple dApps; Decentraland;	It has also partnered with Opera Browser and added support for multiple dApps including Decentraland which is also pumping today with a 40% surge.
channels; mobile apps;	The platform, which launched its development kit in 2018, is currently embedded in channels such as mobile apps, the company’s pay-tv service and its call centers in Brazil.
channels; the company;	The platform, which launched its development kit in 2018, is currently embedded in channels such as mobile apps, the company’s pay-tv service and its call centers in Brazil.
fiat currency; US dollars;	Announced during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, HTC will now accept Exodus 1 purchases in fiat currency, including US dollars.
services; mobile top ups;	According to the press release, miners will be able to earn up to $3 a month in ETN, which can then be used "to pay for services such as mobile top ups (airtime and data), online services or shopping."
successful dApps; MakerDAO;	According to him, even without scale, the network has managed to deliver a lot of very successful dApps, including MakerDAO.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This implies a greater adoption of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies by extension to facilitate cross-border settlement at a cheaper [than the traditional financial institutions] and a much efficient pace.
offering; smart contracts;	At present, Abra’s offering, including smart contracts, is built on the Bitcoin blockchain.
enterprise; Coin;	Do you think JPM Coin and other enterprise blockchains will go the way of the extranet?
dApps; the virtual reality;	In addition it will come with support for a number of dApps, including the virtual reality Ethereum powered platform Decentraland.
items; land;	The token used to buy and sell virtual plots of land and other items, MANA, exploded on the news pumping 50% at the time from $0.0368 to a daily high of $0.0551.
areas; insurance;	In its official blockchain tutorial, Samsung emphasized that the blockchain can be utilized in a wide range of areas such as insurance, gaming, and e-commerce.
areas; gaming;	In its official blockchain tutorial, Samsung emphasized that the blockchain can be utilized in a wide range of areas such as insurance, gaming, and e-commerce.
virtual possessions; virtual reality;	In a statement, HTC Exodus and Decentraland stated that they believe in allowing users to manage cryptocurrencies and other virtual possessions such as virtual reality identities, data, and assets, similar to Enjin’s in-game items and products stored on the blockchain.
virtual possessions; identities;	Both HTC Exodus and Decentraland are committed to redefining the way people manage their identities, privacy, cryptocurrencies, and other virtual possessions online.
virtual possessions; privacy;	Both HTC Exodus and Decentraland are committed to redefining the way people manage their identities, privacy, cryptocurrencies, and other virtual possessions online.
virtual possessions; cryptocurrencies;	Both HTC Exodus and Decentraland are committed to redefining the way people manage their identities, privacy, cryptocurrencies, and other virtual possessions online.
major assets; Ethereum;	Historically, in a sideways market, tokens tend to outperform Bitcoin and other major assets such as Ethereum.
Vakt; BP;	The new users of the platform join major industry players that initially backed Vakt, including BP, Shell and Total, along with traders Gunvor and Mercuria, the press release notes.
Vakt; Shell;	The new users of the platform join major industry players that initially backed Vakt, including BP, Shell and Total, along with traders Gunvor and Mercuria, the press release notes.
Vakt; Total;	The new users of the platform join major industry players that initially backed Vakt, including BP, Shell and Total, along with traders Gunvor and Mercuria, the press release notes.
organizations; World;	Apart from this, Brave users can also be a part of a non-profit organization with the help of this partnership as they will be able to contribute to organizations such as World Wildlife Fund, Red Cross and Habitat for Humanity with their BAT tokens.
the ecosystem; consumers;	And it is not fair if all the dollars go into the coffers of two monopoly companies rather than the participants in the ecosystem such as consumers, advertisers, and publishers.
the ecosystem; advertisers;	And it is not fair if all the dollars go into the coffers of two monopoly companies rather than the participants in the ecosystem such as consumers, advertisers, and publishers.
amenities; Vouchers;	The users will be able to redeem the same in 200,000 hotels and 50,000 restaurants worldwide for amenities such as Vouchers, Exclusive Entertainment experiences, gift cards from top brands like Amazon, Starbucks, Apple, Uber etc.
amenities; Exclusive;	The users will be able to redeem the same in 200,000 hotels and 50,000 restaurants worldwide for amenities such as Vouchers, Exclusive Entertainment experiences, gift cards from top brands like Amazon, Starbucks, Apple, Uber etc.
many hindrances; scalability;	There are many hindrances such as scalability, technical know-how requirements and energy consumption requirements for mining.
many hindrances; technical know-how;	There are many hindrances such as scalability, technical know-how requirements and energy consumption requirements for mining.
extant options; SWIFT;	JPM Coin will at first focus on international settlements by major corporations, helping speed up transactions that currently take a day or longer using extant options such as SWIFT.
enterprise; Coin;	Recently, the CEO of Bitcoin-based financial mobile application Abra, Bill Barhydt, said that JPM Coin and other enterprise blockchains are going to fail miserably, comparing it the dot-com bubble when “extranets” were touted.
technological developments; solutions;	In any case, it will be interesting to see how the JPM Coin fares as the crypto market loses the hype that it was once plagued with, and as public blockchains work on the scaling solutions and other technological developments that allow them to work on a global scale.
”; PayPal;	Interestingly, in August, the CEO claimed he “probably shouldn’t say any more about cryptocurrency.” This, after revealing he believes the biggest threats to the bank are “new forms of payment,” including PayPal, Venmo, and Alipay.
”; Venmo;	Interestingly, in August, the CEO claimed he “probably shouldn’t say any more about cryptocurrency.” This, after revealing he believes the biggest threats to the bank are “new forms of payment,” including PayPal, Venmo, and Alipay.
Technologies; blockchain;	Technologies such as blockchain take us a huge step forward in finding a secure way to facilitate transactions.
different industries; cybersecurity;	Blockchain’s ability to protect user’s data is a true mark of progress, because it can be applied in different companies from different industries including cybersecurity.
others; the MACD;	The indicators AO and Parabolic SAR sided with the bull while others such as the MACD, KO, and CMF predicted a bearish path.
others; KO;	The indicators AO and Parabolic SAR sided with the bull while others such as the MACD, KO, and CMF predicted a bearish path.
financial products; lending;	Today SoFi offers young adults a wide range of financial products including lending.
major cryptos; bitcoin;	Although it’s not yet clear which cryptocurrency trading pairs will be listed by the SoFi platform, major cryptos such as bitcoin (BTC) and ether (ETH) will most likely be supported.
financial firms; mutual funds;	According to an official Medium blog post by Fidelity Digital Assets, the company acknowledges that "institutional clients represent a broad spectrum of financial firms, including mutual funds, investment managers, family offices, public and private retirement plans, registered investment advisers, insurance companies, corporations, endowments, and foundations.”
financial firms; investment;	According to an official Medium blog post by Fidelity Digital Assets, the company acknowledges that "institutional clients represent a broad spectrum of financial firms, including mutual funds, investment managers, family offices, public and private retirement plans, registered investment advisers, insurance companies, corporations, endowments, and foundations.”
areas; mortgage;	SoFI, or Social Finance, was founded in 2011 targeting millennial student-loan refinancing but has since expanded its services to areas such as mortgage loans, wealth management, and mortgage refinancing.
exclusive offers; athlete meet-and-greets;	GLORY fans in the United States and Europe will soon be able to access exclusive offers, including athlete meet-and-greets, backstage arena tours, limited-edition merchandise and premium in-arena seating, only available for purchase at GLORYshop.com with Litecoin.
exclusive offers; backstage;	GLORY fans in the United States and Europe will soon be able to access exclusive offers, including athlete meet-and-greets, backstage arena tours, limited-edition merchandise and premium in-arena seating, only available for purchase at GLORYshop.com with Litecoin.
heavyweights; “ Dutch;	Glory — which has signed top kickboxing heavyweights including “Dutch Lumberjack” Peter Aerts and Remy Bonjasky, aka “The Flying Gentleman” — will integrate Litecoin (LTC) into its online merchandise store, gloryshop.com.
disciplines; Karate;	The kickboxing league was founded in 2012 and is operated by Glory Sports International — hosting global events for a mix of combat disciplines including Karate, Muay Thai, Taekwondo and boxing.
disciplines; Muay;	The kickboxing league was founded in 2012 and is operated by Glory Sports International — hosting global events for a mix of combat disciplines including Karate, Muay Thai, Taekwondo and boxing.
thing; a definite market;	In the world of cryptocurrencies, there is no such thing as a definite market trend.
top kickboxers; Dutch;	Glory Kickboxing, which is headquartered in Singapore, the same country as Litecoin Foundation, is a private company owned by Glory Sports International Pte Ltd., which has signed many of the world's top kickboxers such as Dutch figher Rico Verhoeven and Brazilian fighter Alex Pereira.
exclusive offers; athlete meet-and-greets;	Glory's fans in U.S. and Europe "will soon be able to access exclusive offers, including athlete meet-and-greets, backstage arena tours, limited-edition merchandise and premium in-arena seating, only available for purchase at GLORYshop.com with Litecoin."
exclusive offers; backstage;	Glory's fans in U.S. and Europe "will soon be able to access exclusive offers, including athlete meet-and-greets, backstage arena tours, limited-edition merchandise and premium in-arena seating, only available for purchase at GLORYshop.com with Litecoin."
exclusive offers; athlete meet-and-greets;	Glory fans across Europe and the US will also be able to purchase exclusive offers such as athlete meet-and-greets, backstage arena tours, limited-edition merchandise, and premium in-arena seating on Gloryshop.com only with Litecoin.
exclusive offers; backstage;	Glory fans across Europe and the US will also be able to purchase exclusive offers such as athlete meet-and-greets, backstage arena tours, limited-edition merchandise, and premium in-arena seating on Gloryshop.com only with Litecoin.
disciplines; Karate;	The event permits s mix of martial arts disciplines, including Karate, Muay Thai, Taekwondo and Boxing.
disciplines; Muay;	The event permits s mix of martial arts disciplines, including Karate, Muay Thai, Taekwondo and Boxing.
trading; eToro;	A number of popular crypto trading platforms offer margin trading, including eToro, Kraken and Bitfinex.
trading; Kraken;	A number of popular crypto trading platforms offer margin trading, including eToro, Kraken and Bitfinex.
trading; Bitfinex;	A number of popular crypto trading platforms offer margin trading, including eToro, Kraken and Bitfinex.
data; test;	“The course platform [Fisdom] will collect data including test scores, Japanese conversational ability, and study time, and store them on a blockchain as a certificate.
foreign countries; Vietnam;	However, there have been a number of instances of illegal fabrication of such certificates in foreign countries, especially Vietnam.
data; the marks;	Once the foreign applicant has completed online Japanese courses in their country, their data including the marks obtained, result, and the digital certificate will be uploaded on the blockchain.
factores; SBI;	Will its value significantly improve with time due to other factores such as SBI’s VCTRADE exchange?
–; Weiss Ratings;	Ripple had a lot of good and important news in 2018 & 2019 – such as Weiss Ratings giving Ripple a ‘buy’ note, an analysis of the Ripple ad showing off its network capabilities, and  the long awaited Ripple Coinbase listing .
practical applications; node deployment;	This category evaluates the level of support for practical applications, including node deployment, wallet applications, development support, and application implementations, the report stated.
practical applications; wallet;	This category evaluates the level of support for practical applications, including node deployment, wallet applications, development support, and application implementations, the report stated.
chain; the number;	Bitcoin bagged the first place in the creativity category that aims to grade relentless innovation in the public chain, including the number of developers, code updates, and code impact.
several categories; applicability;	The Center for Information and Industry Development (CCID) under China’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology rated TRON highly in several categories including applicability and technology.
several categories; technology;	The Center for Information and Industry Development (CCID) under China’s Ministry of Industry and Information Technology rated TRON highly in several categories including applicability and technology.
cryptos; Ethereum;	Tron made its first debut in the Ministry of Industry and Technology Development China’s ranking and came close to the top of the list, displacing Ethereum and other cryptos except for EOS.
diverse virtual machines; EVM;	Qtum (QTUM), widely references as Quantum blockchain is being referred to as an open source blockchain tech platform using the security of UTXO and at the same time permitting diverse virtual machines including EVM and the revolutionary x86 VM.
diverse virtual machines; the revolutionary x86;	Qtum (QTUM), widely references as Quantum blockchain is being referred to as an open source blockchain tech platform using the security of UTXO and at the same time permitting diverse virtual machines including EVM and the revolutionary x86 VM.
agencies; the New;	It was also reported that the exchange was working with concerned government agencies, including the New Zealand police and the high-tech criminal unit.
ERC20; Ether;	Elementus first reported that $16 million in Ether and other ERC20 tokens was stolen over the course of four days during the first hack.
agencies; the High;	Local Government agencies, including the High Tech Crime Unit and the NZ Police joined the investigation.
alternative exchanges; Gemini;	Some influencers have also urged users to withdraw their digital assets from Coinbase and use alternative exchanges, including Gemini or Bitstamp.
alternative exchanges; Bitstamp;	Some influencers have also urged users to withdraw their digital assets from Coinbase and use alternative exchanges, including Gemini or Bitstamp.
financial instruments; bond;	The startup provides blockchain solutions that automate the issuance, clearing and settlement of financial instruments, including bond issuance and tokenized securities.
traditional exchanges; LSE;	As reported, LSEG’s technology solutions provider, LSEG Technology, has recently announced that its low latency, scalable matching engine — in use at traditional exchanges such as LSE, Borsa Italiana, the Oslo Stock Exchange and others — will be used to power a forthcoming Hong Kong-based digital assets exchange.
traditional exchanges; Borsa;	As reported, LSEG’s technology solutions provider, LSEG Technology, has recently announced that its low latency, scalable matching engine — in use at traditional exchanges such as LSE, Borsa Italiana, the Oslo Stock Exchange and others — will be used to power a forthcoming Hong Kong-based digital assets exchange.
attacks; Coincheck;	The incident deteriorated the public image of the cryptocurrency sector, which has been on a decline since the emergence of high-profile hacking attacks such as Coincheck’s $500 million security breach in 2018.
cryptocurrencies; ];	Earlier this week, Coinomi, cryptocurrency wallet that enables users to trade, secure and manage their Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies, was recently under the scrutiny of the cryptocurrency space as an alleged vulnerability in the wallet was bought to light on Reddit by Warith Al Maawali.
users; the Trezor;	In the past, crypto owners have lost funds due to errors made on the part of service providers such as the case of QuadrigaCX of for wallets vulnerabilities that affect users such as the Trezor wallet users.
a few upgrades; mining;	Now ready to upgrade, the hard fork includes a few upgrades such as mining rewards, cheaper gas prices, and allowing interactions with address that do not exist yet on-chain.
Financial; Banks;	Course content will include classes on Data Analysis and Interpretation, Financial Markets and Products, Understanding Banks and other Financial Institutions, Foundations of Fintech, Digital Payments, All About Blockchain, Digital Disruptions in Financial Services, Crypto Assets and Tokens, Risk Management for Fintech, and Data Driven Financial Analytics.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
fund; GIC;	As Bloomberg notes, the reported entrance of a major state investment fund such as GIC into the crypto sector appears to align with a growing tide of large-scale stalwart investors — including the prestigious Ivy League university endowments at Yale and Harvard — backing the innovative asset class.
areas; international expansion;	At the time, Coinbase said it would use the funds in areas such as international expansion and increasing the number of cryptocurrency assets available.
entities; governments;	That outfit has sold private data to governments and other entities in at least 20 countries as of 2015.
applications; a planned stablecoin;	Additionally, they were to be invested in the development of utility applications such as a planned stablecoin.
some institutional investors; pension;	However, GIC has avoided cryptocurrencies despite some institutional investors such as pension funds dabbling in the nascent asset class.
options; personal loans;	However, the company has since diversified operations to provide a whole host of refinancing options, including personal loans and mortgage loans.
options; mortgage;	However, the company has since diversified operations to provide a whole host of refinancing options, including personal loans and mortgage loans.
fintech; Harbor;	In a comment, Anthony Pompliano claimed that up to 10% of the funds would be allocated to physical digital assets, like Bitcoin and Ethereum, while what’s left would be siphoned into equity positions in companies like Harbor, Circle, and other fintech mainstays.
fintech; Circle;	In a comment, Anthony Pompliano claimed that up to 10% of the funds would be allocated to physical digital assets, like Bitcoin and Ethereum, while what’s left would be siphoned into equity positions in companies like Harbor, Circle, and other fintech mainstays.
notable investors; Andreessen;	Coinbase reported that it had garnered support from notable investors including Andreessen Horowitz, Wellington Management, and Tiger Global Management but did not disclose the participation of the sovereign fund.
regions; APAC;	Wirex told news.Bitcoin.com that it will roll out access to its business accounts in other regions, including APAC and North America, later this year.
regions; North;	Wirex told news.Bitcoin.com that it will roll out access to its business accounts in other regions, including APAC and North America, later this year.
service; a selection;	A handful of clients have already been onboarded to Wirex’ business accounts service including a selection of crypto startups, software providers, retailers, and financial institutions.
currencies; HKD;	10 new fiat currencies, including HKD, SGD, and AUD
currencies; SGD;	10 new fiat currencies, including HKD, SGD, and AUD
services; banks;	This is in line with the XRP trend which shows higher adoption for payment by many clients that are into remittance services such as banks and other financial institutions.
Radianz; the likes;	Several top technology companies have also partnered with BT Radianz, including the likes of Microsoft, Cisco, Dell, Oracle, Symantec and Amazon Web Services, giving Gemini further impetus to grow in the FinTech world.
institutional clients; thousands;	This development is not to be understated, as it opens the doors to a mass of institutional clients, including thousands of exchanges, brokers, fintech institutions, and clearing settlement houses.
coins; Monero;	This means that more and more people are interested in learning about privacy coins such as Monero.
websites; platforms;	These allegedly fraudulent schemes were being offered through various local online crypto trading platforms and other websites related to digital assets.
media; interfaces;	Bitmex further revealed that the changes will affect all users and will apply across all websites, applications, application programming interfaces and other media owned by Bitmex’s parent company, HDR Global Trading Limited.
platform; the prohibition;	“ A modification of access conditions for using the Trading platform, including the prohibition on access from certain restricted jurisdictions and the restrictions on your activities on the Trading platform.
related threats; laundering;	An inter-governmental body established in 1989, the FATF sets standards and promotes effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
related threats; terrorist financing;	An inter-governmental body established in 1989, the FATF sets standards and promotes effective implementation of legal, regulatory and operational measures for combating money laundering, terrorist financing and other related threats to the integrity of the international financial system.
the world; the United;	Maijoor’s sentiment is in keeping with other regulators in many parts of the world, including the United States, which has not yet formed clear regulation on the market, though it has said that it has made the examination of the digital assets space a priority for 2019 and has considered changing legal definitions.
others; functioning;	This would mean a lot more involvement by European regulators in an asset class that boasts a variety of use cases, providing utility rights and others, including functioning as a means of exchange.
financial institutions; banks;	The NSA noted that banks and other financial institutions had listed 346,014 cases.
traditional financial institutions; banks;	According to the Japanese press, the majority of reported money laundering instances actually involve banks and other traditional financial institutions.
abuses; laundering;	In 2018 alone, 417,465 cases of suspected money laundering and other abuses were reported to the law enforcement agencies in Japan.
financial institutions; banks;	It should be noted, however, that the majority of these cases involve banks and other financial institutions, comprising 346,014 reports, and credit card companies 15,114.
illicit transactions; laundering;	These systems can be taught to recognize patterns related to money laundering and other illicit transactions.
illegal transactions; theft;	The NPA plans to implement this tool as a way of combating the rise of cryptocurrency theft and other illegal transactions.
tokens; OmiseGo;	Thailand, home to tokens such as OmiseGo, is keen on leveraging digital technology to boost their economy.
factors; sufficient market;	The regulator reportedly took into account factors such as sufficient market liquidity and a well-designed decentralized system.
factors; recent news;	The Bangkok Post explained that “The main criteria for cryptocurrencies the SEC has announced include sufficient market liquidity, a well-designed decentralised system and being able to use [in] a trading pair with other cryptocurrencies.” Noting that it took into account factors such as recent news surrounding these cryptocurrencies, the SEC said the list may be modified periodically.
factors; sufficient market;	The SEC approved the four cryptocurrencies based on factors such as sufficient market liquidity and a well-designed decentralized system, according to the Bangkok Post
important factors; news;	According to a report published by the Bangkok Post, the regulator no longer allows Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and Ethereum Classic from being used in ICOs and on trading platforms, after assessing these cryptos’ “development, related news, and other important factors.”
several factors; liquidity;	The government published a list of seven approved cryptos in July of last year, basing its decision on several factors, including liquidity and how many tokens were in circulation, as well as decentralization.
information; numbers;	For profile data, the Thai SEC says it is interested in wallet addresses, account numbers, and other information about token issuers.
details; transactions;	The problem started when the users understood that Neutrino could be used to violate their privacy and monitor transactions and other details on the exchange.
information; ’ private keys;	For instance, the company had asked them to back up a version of their Coinbase wallets to iCloud or Google Drive, a step that may expose users’ private keys and other information pertinent to operating the wallets.
regimes; Sudan;	Hacking Team provided these tools to repressive regimes, including Sudan, Saudi Arabia, and Venezuela, who allegedly violated international laws and used those tools to monitor and endanger political dissidents, journalists, and activists.
regimes; Saudi;	Hacking Team provided these tools to repressive regimes, including Sudan, Saudi Arabia, and Venezuela, who allegedly violated international laws and used those tools to monitor and endanger political dissidents, journalists, and activists.
unsavory associations; Neutrino;	And the question is worth asking: why would Coinbase seek to acquire a company with such unsavory associations as Neutrino?
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
sensitive personal information; people;	On a more horrid front,  if you could imagine what could be worse than that, Facebook is under fire after health and fitness apps are reportedly scrambling to stop sending sensitive personal information such as people’s weight.
national currencies; dollars;	Facebook could guarantee the value of the coin by backing every coin with a set number of dollars, euros and other national currencies held in Facebook bank accounts.”
national currencies; euros;	Facebook could guarantee the value of the coin by backing every coin with a set number of dollars, euros and other national currencies held in Facebook bank accounts.”
the strategy; a plan;	Facebook is far from releasing the coin, because it’s still working on the strategy, including a plan for custody assets, or regular currencies that would be held to protect the value of the stablecoin..."
national currencies; dollars;	However, The New York Times article says that according to "three people briefed on the plans," Facebook is "looking at pegging the value of its coin to a basket of different foreign currencies, rather than just the dollar," and that Facebook "could guarantee the value of the coin by backing every coin with a set number of dollars, euros and other national currencies held in Facebook bank accounts."
national currencies; euros;	However, The New York Times article says that according to "three people briefed on the plans," Facebook is "looking at pegging the value of its coin to a basket of different foreign currencies, rather than just the dollar," and that Facebook "could guarantee the value of the coin by backing every coin with a set number of dollars, euros and other national currencies held in Facebook bank accounts."
company; in-app payment;	Besides the two messaging behemoths, Japan’s Line and South Korea Kakao messaging applications plan to have their native crypto token for in-app payment and other company services.
national currencies; dollars;	Facebook could guarantee the value of the coin by backing every coin with a set number of dollars, euros and other national currencies held in Facebook bank accounts.
national currencies; euros;	Facebook could guarantee the value of the coin by backing every coin with a set number of dollars, euros and other national currencies held in Facebook bank accounts.
platforms; Messenger;	The company also wants to make the coin available to use on platforms such as Messenger, Whatsapp and Instagram.
platforms; Whatsapp;	The company also wants to make the coin available to use on platforms such as Messenger, Whatsapp and Instagram.
platforms; Instagram;	The company also wants to make the coin available to use on platforms such as Messenger, Whatsapp and Instagram.
service; Visa;	The conclusion of the New York Times is: if it takes full control, there is nothing that makes Facebook Coin better than any other fast payment service such as Visa or Paypal.
service; Paypal;	The conclusion of the New York Times is: if it takes full control, there is nothing that makes Facebook Coin better than any other fast payment service such as Visa or Paypal.
important things; the network;	The major alterations will affect such important things as the network’s core protocol specifications, contract standards, and client APIs.
solutions; off-chain transactions;	EIP 1014: better approach to accommodating network scaling solutions such as off-chain transactions;
select jurisdictions; the United;	The token is available to users in select jurisdictions, including the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, European Union, Australia and Singapore.
different currencies; US;	In this way, XRP can function as a bridge currency in transactions involving different currencies such as US dollars, Japanese yen, Euros, Francs, and others in use on the XRP network.”
oddities; movements;	Although, since then there have been many investigations into the matter, alleged wallet movements and other oddities tied to the Quadrigacx loss.
Quadrigacx; widow;	According to Cotten’s widow and other Quadrigacx employees, the owner was the only person who had the keys holding 11,278 BCH, 26,488 BTC, 35,320 BTG, 11,149 BSV, 429,966 ETH, and 199,888 LTC.
top markets; Bitcoin;	However, it is a currency which can provide financial freedom to all users, which is something that applies to Bitcoin and other top markets as well.
blockchains; Bitcoin;	Such an approach is intended to increase the level of privacy and security of data in the network and it quite differs from the majority of blockchains including Bitcoin.
new technologies; predictive analytics;	“By incorporating APIs, trialing distributed ledger technology and exploring new technologies such as predictive analytics, we will continue to deliver new functionalities and applications at pace – ensuring that the cross-border payments experience rapidly becomes as seamless as domestic payments.”
entities; QuadrigaCX;	Given the testimony in Jennifer Robertson’s affidavit stating that neither she nor the other involved individuals at QuadrigaCX were knowledgeable about where Gerry Cotten was moving and storing crypto, it is very possible that QuadrigaCX, the creditors, and other entities are unaware of this discovery.”
entities; the creditors;	Given the testimony in Jennifer Robertson’s affidavit stating that neither she nor the other involved individuals at QuadrigaCX were knowledgeable about where Gerry Cotten was moving and storing crypto, it is very possible that QuadrigaCX, the creditors, and other entities are unaware of this discovery.”
exchanges; Poloniex;	The detailed report curated by Edwards discovered the transfer of 649,708 Ethereum from the wallets of QuadrigaCX to cryptocurrency exchanges including Poloniex, Bitfinex, and Kraken.
exchanges; Bitfinex;	The detailed report curated by Edwards discovered the transfer of 649,708 Ethereum from the wallets of QuadrigaCX to cryptocurrency exchanges including Poloniex, Bitfinex, and Kraken.
counterparties; creditors;	“Together, the Dodd-Frank Act supervisory stress tests are intended to provide company management and boards of directors, the public, and supervisors with forward-looking information to help gauge the potential effect of stressful conditions on the ability of these large banking organizations to absorb losses, while meeting obligations to creditors and other counterparties and continuing to lend.”
startups; high-profile exchanges;	However, while many cryptocurrency startups, including high-profile exchanges like Binance, Bittrex, Okex, Bitbay, and Zebpay, have moved or extended operations from stricter regulatory jurisdictions to set up shop incorporating their businesses in crypto-friendly Malta, it appears the reality might not be as rosy.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
sensitive accounts; digital assets;	It’s also highlighted that more strenuous verification of owner information is required with specific reference made to risk sensitive accounts such as digital assets, e-gaming and IIP-related funds.
financial service; certain banks;	Mr. Schembri says he has been having talks with representatives of certain banks and other financial service providers to educate them on the difference between blockchain and cryptocurrency operators.
banks; Silvergate;	Although the largest banks in the world continue to be wary of providing services to cryptocurrency operators, Bloomberg states that smaller banks such as Silvergate Bank in San Diego, Signature Bank in the US, and Bank Frick in Europe are picking up the slack and actively "courting" crypto and blockchain companies.
countries; Ethiopia;	At the time, the company was reportedly selling its spyware to countries including Ethiopia, Morocco, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. — with the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bureau of Investigation among its customers — according to a Motherboard investigation.
countries; Morocco;	At the time, the company was reportedly selling its spyware to countries including Ethiopia, Morocco, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. — with the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bureau of Investigation among its customers — according to a Motherboard investigation.
countries; the United;	At the time, the company was reportedly selling its spyware to countries including Ethiopia, Morocco, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. — with the Drug Enforcement Administration and Federal Bureau of Investigation among its customers — according to a Motherboard investigation.
chess-related resources; articles;	Not only does the website allow people to play chess together online but it also has a forum, news articles, strategies, videos, and other chess-related resources.
chess-related resources; strategies;	Not only does the website allow people to play chess together online but it also has a forum, news articles, strategies, videos, and other chess-related resources.
chess-related resources; videos;	Not only does the website allow people to play chess together online but it also has a forum, news articles, strategies, videos, and other chess-related resources.
chess-related resources; articles;	Chess.com has pro leagues, tournaments, a forum, news articles, strategies, videos, and other chess-related resources
chess-related resources; strategies;	Chess.com has pro leagues, tournaments, a forum, news articles, strategies, videos, and other chess-related resources
chess-related resources; videos;	Chess.com has pro leagues, tournaments, a forum, news articles, strategies, videos, and other chess-related resources
alternatives; fiat;	Because of “super frustrating” KYC requirements and  BitPay $10 limit, 27,324,757 members of Chess.com will now have to pay their membership plans with fiat and other alternatives, not Bitcoin.
states; Utah;	Starting on April 3rd Kroger’s Smith stores will stop accepting Visa credit cards in 134 food and drug stores across 7 states including Utah, Nevada, New Mexico, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, and Arizona, which comprises over 20,000 employees.
states; Nevada;	Starting on April 3rd Kroger’s Smith stores will stop accepting Visa credit cards in 134 food and drug stores across 7 states including Utah, Nevada, New Mexico, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, and Arizona, which comprises over 20,000 employees.
states; New;	Starting on April 3rd Kroger’s Smith stores will stop accepting Visa credit cards in 134 food and drug stores across 7 states including Utah, Nevada, New Mexico, Wyoming, Idaho, Montana, and Arizona, which comprises over 20,000 employees.
merchants; access;	The Visa network delivers significant value for merchants including access to more customers, increased sales, security and fraud protection, a quick and convenient checkout experience, and ongoing innovation and implementation of the latest technologies.
sites; D.Tube;	Fortunately, there are a growing number of alternative video hosting sites, including D.Tube, which runs on the Steem blockchain.
blockchain-oriented platforms; Steem;	But Minds and Steem and other blockchain-oriented platforms don’t use advertising as a primary means of funding anyhow.
companies; Tim;	It is backed by the well-known venture capital companies such as Tim Draper’s Draper Associates and DFJ, Terrence Yang’s Yang Ventures and boost VC.
firms; Tim;	The company is supported by numerous famous investors and firms, including Tim Draper’s Draper Associates and DFJ, Terrace Yang’s Yang Ventures and Boost VC.
different countries; the U.S.;	Following the announcement, the XRP/fiat pairs will be available across different countries, including the U.S. (except NY), UK, supported European Union member nations, Canada, Singapore, and Australia.
Networks; Roam;	Networks such as Roam and Unsettled have accomodated to this population, but now Casual Hoteles believes it can compete as well.
digital payment; mobile devices;	The company is currently experimenting with Bitcoin and Amazon Pay, which requires users to use mobile devices and other digital payment channels to make payments.
interest; customers;	“Casual Hoteles is committed to a relationship with its customers and other interest groups based on active listening to the market and the successive generation of added value, with the aim of anticipating their needs, exceeding their expectations and creating new formulas for tourism profitability.”
different apps; a calculator;	To the question of what was the biggest issue of Bitcoin that he is trying to solve with Ethereum, Buterin considers that it is about Bitcoin's limited functionality: “think of the difference between a pocket calculator and a smartphone: where a pocket calculator does one thing well, people want to do all these other things as well, so if you have a smartphone you have different apps, including a calculator”.
abuses; Sudan;	According to Motherboard, Coinbase was well aware that Hacking Team sold spyware to governments with a history of human rights abuses, including Sudan, Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia.
abuses; Saudi;	According to Motherboard, Coinbase was well aware that Hacking Team sold spyware to governments with a history of human rights abuses, including Sudan, Saudi Arabia and Ethiopia.
the world; Sudan;	The Hacking Team also cooperated with a wide range of governments around the world, including Sudan and Morocco, enabling them to commit violations of human rights and freedom of information.
the world; Morocco;	The Hacking Team also cooperated with a wide range of governments around the world, including Sudan and Morocco, enabling them to commit violations of human rights and freedom of information.
social media; Twitter;	Since learning of these connections, the crypto community has been in a furor, which led to the trending #DeleteCoinbase hashtag running rampant over Twitter and other social media platforms.
tools; TronWeb;	TronGrid provides an alternative for developers that is currently free of charge and fully integrated with developer tools such as TronWeb.
[; ] scripts;	“Reproducible builds”: lets developers build their “own Ubuntu binaries” which are a “collection of items [including] scripts, libraries, text files, a manifest, license”,
[; libraries;	“Reproducible builds”: lets developers build their “own Ubuntu binaries” which are a “collection of items [including] scripts, libraries, text files, a manifest, license”,
[; text;	“Reproducible builds”: lets developers build their “own Ubuntu binaries” which are a “collection of items [including] scripts, libraries, text files, a manifest, license”,
the protocol; performance;	It brings several improvements to the protocol, including performance improvements and bug fixes.
developers; Monero;	However, Powell wasn’t the only person to speak on the issue as several other cryptocurrency influencers and developers, including Monero’s Lead Developer, Riccardo Spagni have come out to speak on the matter.
records; Saudi;	The firm were severely criticized in the past for selling surveillance tools and services to government authorities, especially countries with poor human rights records such as Saudi Arabia, Sudan, and Venezuela.
platforms; Twitter;	When the above information came to light, a majority of the cryptocurrency community chanted #DeleteCoinbase on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
platforms; Reddit;	When the above information came to light, a majority of the cryptocurrency community chanted #DeleteCoinbase on social media platforms such as Twitter and Reddit.
the community; the exchange;	The relaunch of the site was much anticipated by the community, especially the exchange’s own customers as it would give them more information pertaining to their tokens.
upgrades; Constantinople;	This comes only a few days following the Ethereum network upgrades including Constantinople and St. Petersburg hard forks.
upgrades; St.;	This comes only a few days following the Ethereum network upgrades including Constantinople and St. Petersburg hard forks.
indicators; Bollinger;	According to most indicators, including Bollinger Bands, Awesome Oscillator, Parabolic SAR, and MACD, a bearish market is forecasted for the token.
the hacker; the database;	Lastly, the data on the server is also accessible to the hacker, including the database and some unencrypted credentials, including passwords, Imperva notes.
the hacker; some unencrypted credentials;	Lastly, the data on the server is also accessible to the hacker, including the database and some unencrypted credentials, including passwords, Imperva notes.
issues; XRP;	He also touches issues such as XRP being a security, the liquidity issue, customers, technology and more.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	People slammed Bloomberg who said more than once that Bitcoin and other digital assets have to disappear.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
many countries; Bahrain;	The adoption of cryptocurrencies is gaining momentum in many countries, including Bahrain and India, as institutions and authorities decipher the use of blockchain.
many countries; India;	The adoption of cryptocurrencies is gaining momentum in many countries, including Bahrain and India, as institutions and authorities decipher the use of blockchain.
startups; viable financing;	The EDB also emphasized on the benefits for companies moving to Bahrain such as “a simplified licensing process for foreign corporation, taxation incentives, a welcoming environment and unlimited access to Gulf and Middle Eastern markets.” The public agency is also looking to create an enabling ecosystem for startups, including viable financing options.
recommendations; any proposed legislation;	“On or before November 30, 2019, the task force shall provide a report on the task force's findings and recommendations, including any proposed legislation,” the bill continues.
jurisdictions; North;	By contrast, jurisdictions such as North Carolina and New York — the latter in the form of the controversial BitLicense — have long mandated strict licensing procedures for blockchain- and crypto-related businesses.
states; Wyoming;	The ultimate goal for Wyoming, Utah and other states that follow suit is promoting an atmosphere of blockchain acceptance.
states; Utah;	The ultimate goal for Wyoming, Utah and other states that follow suit is promoting an atmosphere of blockchain acceptance.
recommendations; any proposed legislation;	“On or before November 30, 2019, the task force shall provide a report on the task force’s findings and recommendations, including any proposed legislation.”
all means; payment;	“‘Money transmission’ means the sale or issuance of a payment instrument or engaging in the business of receiving money for transmission or transmitting money within the United States or to locations abroad by any and all means, including payment instrument, wire, facsimile, or electronic transfer.”
illegal financial transactions; laundering;	On the opposite side, proponents say such exemptions open the door for money laundering and other illegal financial transactions.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
features; multi-signature abilities;	As we already wrote, Tron CEO Justin Sun had announced the imminent roll out of a hard fork, which took place on Feb. 28, designed to deliver institution-friendly functionality, alongside features such as multi-signature abilities and account management options.
features; account;	As we already wrote, Tron CEO Justin Sun had announced the imminent roll out of a hard fork, which took place on Feb. 28, designed to deliver institution-friendly functionality, alongside features such as multi-signature abilities and account management options.
currencies; USDT;	However, a lot of people expected currencies such as USDT to be blockchain-agnostic, instead of requiring their own version linked to specific blockchains.
new stablecoins; USD;	The second part of 2018 has seen the surge of new stablecoins such as USD Coin (USDC) and Gemini USD (GUSD).
fiat-backed tokens; USTether;	The project got eventually changed its name to Tether and created three fiat-backed tokens including USTether, EuroTether, and YenTether.
fiat-backed tokens; EuroTether;	The project got eventually changed its name to Tether and created three fiat-backed tokens including USTether, EuroTether, and YenTether.
notable entities; Twitter;	It has been relayed by such notable entities as Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and Fidelity Investments.
the market; Apple;	While a long shot, LN has actually been found to be a few seconds slower than the best (centralized) digital payment solutions on the market such as Apple Pay, according to a recent study.
financial contracts; equities;	Broadly, we aspire to bring the economic and technical breakthroughs of crypto assets and blockchain technology to traditional forms of financial contracts such as equities and other securities.”
the US; the SEC;	“As with other areas of our business, we will work closely with leading regulators in the US such as the SEC and FINRA as we evaluate the evolution of private capital market products and services using crypto assets and blockchain technology.”
the US; FINRA;	“As with other areas of our business, we will work closely with leading regulators in the US such as the SEC and FINRA as we evaluate the evolution of private capital market products and services using crypto assets and blockchain technology.”
economic features; payouts;	Over time, more functions of private equity will be tokenized — including voting and governance, dividend payouts, and other economic features.
major cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	This weighted fund consists of nine major cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin (BTC), EOS, ether (ETH), XRP, bitcoin cash (BCH), Litecoin (LTC), TRON (TRX), ethereum classic (ETC) and ontology (ONT).
forms; arbitrage;	Traders from all over the world will its product, Tradingview has also added Huobi’s coin-to-coin trading pairs which would help traders get involved in arbitrage and other forms of trading.
Cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	HB10 currently lists 10 Cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), XRP, Litecoin (LTC), EOS, Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Tron (TRX), Ethereum Classic (ETC), Ontology (ONT) and Huobi’s own token.
several public institutions; local government;	In November 2018, two Iranian citizens, Mohammad Mehdi Shah Mansouri and Faramarz Shahi Savandi, were charged by the US Department of Justice (DoJ) for their alleged involvement in extorting funds from several public institutions including local government offices and hospitals.
information; the post;	At the time of these incidents, the OFAC found a link between bitcoin (BTC) addresses that may have been used by Ghorbaniyan and Khorashadizadeh and other personal identifying information including the post office boxes they might have used, their physical addresses, email address, and any aliases - in order to carry out the financial crimes.
various illegal activities; money;	As mentioned in PwC’s report, the US Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) found both Iranvisacart and Enexchanger to be associated with various illegal activities including money laundering.
cryptocurrencies; “;	According to the FBI’s investigation, the Enexchanger exchange had been listing trading pairs in cryptocurrencies such as “swaps” which were offered with a special “WEX-code to USD.” The code reportedly allowed users to transfer funds directly from WEX’s users.
illegal activity; laundering;	Apparantly a system used by the London-based startup to prevent money laundering and other illegal activity was switched off.
Russian firms; Lab;	Coinbase have had a tumultuous week with regards to the acquisition of Italian blockchain analysis company Neutrino, who have been labelled as "enemy of the internet" by Reporters without Borders due to the companies role in "passing information with Kaspersky Lab, GroupIB, and other Russian firms closely linked with FSB" according to Krakens report this week.
Russian firms; GroupIB;	Coinbase have had a tumultuous week with regards to the acquisition of Italian blockchain analysis company Neutrino, who have been labelled as "enemy of the internet" by Reporters without Borders due to the companies role in "passing information with Kaspersky Lab, GroupIB, and other Russian firms closely linked with FSB" according to Krakens report this week.
clients; Coinbase;	“Our exchange clients, including Coinbase, do not provide us with any personally identifiable information about their users.
social media; Twitter;	Shortly after the crypto community found out about Neutrino's connections to Hacking Team, there was wide condemnation of Coinbase, and a #DeleteCoinbase campaign started on Twitter and other social media platforms.
personal information; payslips;	Customers are obliged to give up deeply personal information including payslips, bank statements, passport scans and selfies, and then to rely on the service provider not to lose or abuse it.
personal information; bank;	Customers are obliged to give up deeply personal information including payslips, bank statements, passport scans and selfies, and then to rely on the service provider not to lose or abuse it.
clients; Coinbase;	He added: “Our exchange clients, including Coinbase, do not provide us with any personally identifiable information about their users.
information; names;	We do not require or request any transaction data that we can link to individuals, and do not have any other client information such as names, addresses or social security numbers.”
information; addresses;	We do not require or request any transaction data that we can link to individuals, and do not have any other client information such as names, addresses or social security numbers.”
information; social security;	We do not require or request any transaction data that we can link to individuals, and do not have any other client information such as names, addresses or social security numbers.”
countries; Saudi;	These include countries such as Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Nigeria, Oman, Bahrain, Ethiopia, and Uzbekistan.
exchanges; Binance;	As CZ notes, there are a lot of people in the crypto space who "complain" that XRP is "overly centralized" (even despite Ripple CTO David Schwartz's many explanations of why XRP is not as centralized as some people think) and that cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance and Coinbase should not be listing XRP for this reason alone.
exchanges; Coinbase;	As CZ notes, there are a lot of people in the crypto space who "complain" that XRP is "overly centralized" (even despite Ripple CTO David Schwartz's many explanations of why XRP is not as centralized as some people think) and that cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance and Coinbase should not be listing XRP for this reason alone.
topics; delistings;	The 'ask me anything' livestream covered topics including delistings, Binance Launchpad, Binance DEX, and more.
topics; Binance;	The 'ask me anything' livestream covered topics including delistings, Binance Launchpad, Binance DEX, and more.
BNB; increment;	Incentives for users to hold more BNB such as increment in referral bonuses with more BNB held
Top coins; Ethereum;	Top coins such as Ethereum [ETH], Litecoin [LTC], and Tron [TRX] are also seen rallying in the market.
platform; service;	Similar to ether’s role on the Ethereum network, BNB is used to pay fees on the Binance platform including service, trade, and listing fees.
platform; trade;	Similar to ether’s role on the Ethereum network, BNB is used to pay fees on the Binance platform including service, trade, and listing fees.
fiscal shortcomings; debt;	For the long haul, Survivalism himself seems to be all but convinced that the U.S. economy and macroeconomy will begin to buckle under the weight of its debt and other fiscal shortcomings, potentially setting a stage for the creation of a Bitcoin standard or a system of similar caliber.
services; savings accounts;	Vimba notes that this encompasses savings accounts, collateralized debt, stablecoins and other services.
services; collateralized debt;	Vimba notes that this encompasses savings accounts, collateralized debt, stablecoins and other services.
services; stablecoins;	Vimba notes that this encompasses savings accounts, collateralized debt, stablecoins and other services.
the coming months; Australia;	Reportedly, Vimba is making active plans to expand its operations to other regions in the coming months, including Australia, Ireland, Germany and more.
the coming months; Ireland;	Reportedly, Vimba is making active plans to expand its operations to other regions in the coming months, including Australia, Ireland, Germany and more.
the coming months; Germany;	Reportedly, Vimba is making active plans to expand its operations to other regions in the coming months, including Australia, Ireland, Germany and more.
blockchain-based virtual currencies; bitcoin;	Despite the crash in the price of bitcoin and other blockchain-based virtual currencies, it’s worth noting that a vast array of venture capital firms still invest in blockchain technology and crypto-focused firms.
cases; interactive gaming;	Celer Network’s testnet already allows Ethereum transactions and finality latency to be 20,000X faster with zero-fees which revolutionize the user experience for blockchain use cases including interactive gaming, decentralized derivative exchange, micro insurance, decentralized electricity power exchange, decentralized Internet services, general pay-per-use services, non-custodial financial assets exchange and more.
reports; cryptocurrency-related Internal;	The EY CAAT can reportedly get information about cryptocurrency transactions from “virtually all” major exchanges, consolidate data from various sources, and automatically produce reports, including cryptocurrency-related Internal Revenue Service (IRS) tax returns.
governmental agencies; the Saudi;	The company's spyware has been used by a number of governmental agencies, including the Saudi Arabian enforcement group that allegedly murdered journalist Jamal Khashoggi and Ethiopian spies who allegedly used the spyware to target Ethiopian journalists based in the US.
cryptos; BTC;	Trading of derivatives contracts for BTC and other cryptos is a growing market, offering an effective hedge against the volatility of regular crypto spot trading.
platforms; Microsoft;	The Unity game engine works on 30 platforms, including Microsoft Windows operating systems, iOS, Android, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Oculus Rift and many more.
officials; authorities;	According to the recent update from the firm, who has presumably got clearance from Christchurch authorities and other officials to restart its platform, a “read-only” version of the site will go live sometime today.
prominent tokens; TrueUSD;	Other prominent tokens, including TrueUSD, OmiseGO, Sirin Labs, ZRX, and Augur’s REP, were also snatched.
prominent tokens; OmiseGO;	Other prominent tokens, including TrueUSD, OmiseGO, Sirin Labs, ZRX, and Augur’s REP, were also snatched.
prominent tokens; Sirin;	Other prominent tokens, including TrueUSD, OmiseGO, Sirin Labs, ZRX, and Augur’s REP, were also snatched.
attractive benefits; efficiency;	It is what we get for efficiency and other attractive benefits not available in legacy fiat systems.
assets; cryptocurrencies;	Despite bearish claims, however, the Moving Average Convergence Divergence [MACD] line, which indicates long-term momentum differences in a wide array of assets including cryptocurrencies is showing positive signs for the top cryptocurrency.
the moment; the confusion;	Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao (CZ) was recently live on Periscope, and he addressed some of the hot topics of the moment such as the confusion involving the coin delisting on Binance and the BNB uses cases.
investors; Galaxy;	BlockFi is backed by a long list of investors including Galaxy Digital, Susquehanna, Akuna Capital, Fidelity, Recruit Strategic Partners, Coinbase Ventures, CMT Digital, SoFi, ConsenSys Ventures and Morgan Creek Digital.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
performance; money;	“Payment with cryptocurrency enables a more reliable and faster transaction performance such as money transfer between bank accounts without any exchange loss…Antalya Homes offers the opportunity to own a house in Turkey starting from 30 thousand Euros (9 BTC).”
performance; money;	“Payment with cryptocurrency enables a more reliable and faster transaction performance such as money transfer between bank accounts without any exchange loss,” Tekce was quoted in the online daily Business Standard as saying on Mar.
coastal; region;	Foreign buyers target homes in Istanbul, the Antalya region and other coastal and scenic areas.
performance; money;	Payment with cryptocurrency enables a more reliable and faster transaction performance such as money transfer between bank accounts without any exchange loss.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Antalya Homes Real Estate Inc is now accepting Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as payment for property sales in Turkey.💸
clients; Coinbase;	Our exchange clients, including Coinbase, do not provide us with any personally identifiable information about their users.
information; names;	We do not require or request any transaction data that we can link to individuals, and do not have any other client information such as names, addresses or social security numbers.
information; addresses;	We do not require or request any transaction data that we can link to individuals, and do not have any other client information such as names, addresses or social security numbers.
information; social security;	We do not require or request any transaction data that we can link to individuals, and do not have any other client information such as names, addresses or social security numbers.
measures; the aforementioned cold storage;	All digital assets held by Amun are under institutional grade security with several safety measures such as the aforementioned cold storage, multiple private keys, whitelisting and audit trails.
measures; multiple private keys;	All digital assets held by Amun are under institutional grade security with several safety measures such as the aforementioned cold storage, multiple private keys, whitelisting and audit trails.
an underlying asset; a commodity;	It is a type of security priced using derivatives of an underlying asset such as a commodity, a currency, a share price, interest rate or indices.
an underlying asset; a currency;	It is a type of security priced using derivatives of an underlying asset such as a commodity, a currency, a share price, interest rate or indices.
an underlying asset; a share;	It is a type of security priced using derivatives of an underlying asset such as a commodity, a currency, a share price, interest rate or indices.
assets; Bitcoin;	The Amun Crypto Basket Index ETP under the ticker symbol HODL was developed to track 5 major crypto assets, including Bitcoin (BTC), XRP, Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), and Litecoin (LTC).
cryptocurrency; the Bitcoin;	In the context of ETPs launching, it’s necessary to avoid their confusion with exchange-traded funds (ETFs) that are still waiting for the approval of the US SEC as they are considered to be able to cause serious sentiment shifts in the Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency markets.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Back in November 2018, SIX launched the HODL5 ETP, which is a basket of 5 major cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC) accounting for about half of the ETP’s assets, Ethereum (ETH) accounting for 16.7%, Ripple (XRP) accounting for 24.4%, Bitcoin Cash (BCH) accounting for 5.2%, and Litecoin (LTC) accounting for 3%.
financial service; finance;	Corda Enterprise is the paid-for offshoot of R3’s open source Corda blockchain platform, and can be used across applications that include capital markets infrastructure, trade finance, identity, insurance, and other financial service or commercial applications.
financial service; identity;	Corda Enterprise is the paid-for offshoot of R3’s open source Corda blockchain platform, and can be used across applications that include capital markets infrastructure, trade finance, identity, insurance, and other financial service or commercial applications.
financial service; insurance;	Corda Enterprise is the paid-for offshoot of R3’s open source Corda blockchain platform, and can be used across applications that include capital markets infrastructure, trade finance, identity, insurance, and other financial service or commercial applications.
provider; SIX;	Adoption by a major financial market infrastructure provider such as SIX represents a first for Corda Enterprise, which saw its first commercial licensing deal in January 2019 with Dutch international bank ING.
top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The bear did not spare even top cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], XRP and Litecoin [LTC].
a digital asset; XRP;	Ripple has long promised that using their payment tool xRapid with a digital asset such as XRP will provide immense benefits to users.
multiple customers; MercuryFX;	Roughly, five months later, on 1 October 2018, Ripple said that xRapid, which enables RippleNet, Ripple's its global payment network, to provide "on-demand liquidity to financial institutions for cross-border payments using the digital asset XRP" had just become "commercially available and moving into production with multiple customers, including MercuryFX, Cuallix and Catalyst Corporate Federal Credit Union."
multiple customers; Cuallix;	Roughly, five months later, on 1 October 2018, Ripple said that xRapid, which enables RippleNet, Ripple's its global payment network, to provide "on-demand liquidity to financial institutions for cross-border payments using the digital asset XRP" had just become "commercially available and moving into production with multiple customers, including MercuryFX, Cuallix and Catalyst Corporate Federal Credit Union."
multiple customers; Catalyst;	Roughly, five months later, on 1 October 2018, Ripple said that xRapid, which enables RippleNet, Ripple's its global payment network, to provide "on-demand liquidity to financial institutions for cross-border payments using the digital asset XRP" had just become "commercially available and moving into production with multiple customers, including MercuryFX, Cuallix and Catalyst Corporate Federal Credit Union."
many things; real estate;	In the future, TrustToken intends to tokenize many things, including real estate and other valuable assets.
multiple exchanges; Binance;	It is listed on multiple exchanges including Binance, OKEx, DigiFinex, Bittrex, and Huobi.
multiple exchanges; OKEx;	It is listed on multiple exchanges including Binance, OKEx, DigiFinex, Bittrex, and Huobi.
multiple exchanges; DigiFinex;	It is listed on multiple exchanges including Binance, OKEx, DigiFinex, Bittrex, and Huobi.
multiple exchanges; Bittrex;	It is listed on multiple exchanges including Binance, OKEx, DigiFinex, Bittrex, and Huobi.
new technologies; Internet;	Alibaba also plans to develop new technologies such as Internet of Things (IoT) and blockchain in the fields of customs brokers, international logistics and trade finances, according to Song’s extended remarks to brokerage and investment bank China Galaxy Securities.
major international markets; Europe;	As Cointelegraph reported on Oct. 25, the cloud computing arm of Alibaba Group, Alibaba Cloud, announced their aim to expand their enterprise-level Blockchain-as-a-Service (BaaS) to major international markets including Europe, the United States and Southeast Asia.
major international markets; the United;	As Cointelegraph reported on Oct. 25, the cloud computing arm of Alibaba Group, Alibaba Cloud, announced their aim to expand their enterprise-level Blockchain-as-a-Service (BaaS) to major international markets including Europe, the United States and Southeast Asia.
several industries; cross-border;	Recently, the World Trade Organization published a report that underlined the effectiveness of blockchain applications for several industries, including cross-border trade finance, logistics and transportation.
platforms; the Bitcoin;	Vitaly Mzokov, the head of commercialization at Kaspersky Lab, a leading Moscow-based global cybersecurity and anti-virus solutions provider, recently shared his views with CryptoGlobe regarding the main security threats related to decentralized cryptocurrency platforms such as the Bitcoin (BTC) network.
threat; Jeus;	He added that Kaspersky Lab continues to monitor Apple Jeus and other threat actors in the crypto space.
personal information; ’ private SEED;	Responding to a question about how to prevent clipboard/keyboard hackers from stealing users’ private SEED and other personal information, Mzokov explained:
pro-scaling solutions; Network;	Kaspersky is likely touching on the fact that Bitcoin’s transactional throughput is limited, but is forgetting to make reference to the Lightning Network and other pro-scaling solutions.
fiat; the U.S.;	John McAfee has also been skeptical of fiat, especially the U.S. dollar.
altcoins; BTC;	A number of businesses now accept BTC and other altcoins for payment while institutional investors have started moving into the space – something that’s been described by observers as key to cryptocurrency mainstreaming.
cybersecurity; security;	The company, which reported revenue of $698 million in 2017, develops and sells antivirus software, internet security, password management, endpoint security, and other cybersecurity products and services.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Eugene Kaspersky, CEO of Kaspersky Labs a cybersecurity company, has asserted that while cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) are “great,” the world isn’t quite ready for them... yet.
digital collectibles; game;	Apart from supporting the Ethereum Web3 API, the crypto wallet on the Android app also includes ‘Collectibles’ – a dedicated section for all your digital collectibles such as game items, art, or badges.
useful features; the “;	The winner of the Red Dot Design Award for its user interface focused around ease of use on phones with large displays, Opera Touch is an innovative web browser that comes with a set of useful features including the “My Flow” function which lets you share websites and notes with yourself across multiple devices.
devices; the iPhone;	Thus, the Opera Touch will be available across the suite of Apple devices including the iPhone and iPad.
devices; iPad;	Thus, the Opera Touch will be available across the suite of Apple devices including the iPhone and iPad.
sections; Games;	For the proposed decentralized apps feature, its functionality is evident in the current browser for Android where a user can access the dApps Store which features many Web 3 apps in sections such as Games & Collectibles and E-commerce.
technologies; blockchains;	Web 3 is believed to be the future of the internet since it combines emerging technologies such as blockchains, cryptocurrencies, and other distributed systems.
technologies; cryptocurrencies;	Web 3 is believed to be the future of the internet since it combines emerging technologies such as blockchains, cryptocurrencies, and other distributed systems.
ERC20; Ethereum;	BTCManager on December 13, 2018, informed that Opera has launched its Web 3.0 mobile browser for Android smartphones featuring a cryptocurrency wallet for storing Ethereum and other ERC20 tokens.
virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	This could help Bitcoin and other virtual currencies to start growing once again.
strong fundamental factors; high developer;	The synergy between strong fundamental factors such as high developer activity and technical indicators demonstrating a clean breakout of crucial resistance levels are said to have triggered the strong upside movement of the cryptocurrency.
time; the monitor;	The repayment contemplated by the cash flow is inappropriate until such time as the monitor has reviewed the requested information and satisfied itself as to the source of funds used to fund the CCAA proceeding.
exchanges; Kraken;	The third report released by monitor showed that QuadrigaCX held accounts on numerous cryptocurrency exchanges including Kraken, Poloniex, and Bitfinex.
exchanges; Poloniex;	The third report released by monitor showed that QuadrigaCX held accounts on numerous cryptocurrency exchanges including Kraken, Poloniex, and Bitfinex.
platforms; iPhones;	The bug in question reportedly impacted only desktop users of CMC as the application was displaying accurate data on iPhones and other platforms.
the world; USD;	The OTC update will be available and accessible to users in 24 different currencies across the world, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR etc., with the maker fee varying for different currencies.
the world; GBP;	The OTC update will be available and accessible to users in 24 different currencies across the world, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR etc., with the maker fee varying for different currencies.
the world; CND;	The OTC update will be available and accessible to users in 24 different currencies across the world, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR etc., with the maker fee varying for different currencies.
the world; CAD;	The OTC update will be available and accessible to users in 24 different currencies across the world, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR etc., with the maker fee varying for different currencies.
the world; EUR;	The OTC update will be available and accessible to users in 24 different currencies across the world, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR etc., with the maker fee varying for different currencies.
the whole market; the buyers;	Similarly, buying large volumes of an asset in a short period of time will inevitably lead to a sudden price spike, affecting the whole market including the buyers themselves.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
various governments; the United;	IriSafe is a Singapore-based joint venture between IriTech, Inc. and Blockchain Industries, Inc. IriTech has provided identity solutions to various governments, including the United Nations, the United States, and India, as well as private companies throughout the world.
various applications; national IDs;	The blockchain digital identity management solution will have various applications, including national IDs, private keys, e-voting systems, user rights, and refugee food distribution.
various applications; private keys;	The blockchain digital identity management solution will have various applications, including national IDs, private keys, e-voting systems, user rights, and refugee food distribution.
various applications; e-voting systems;	The blockchain digital identity management solution will have various applications, including national IDs, private keys, e-voting systems, user rights, and refugee food distribution.
various applications; user rights;	The blockchain digital identity management solution will have various applications, including national IDs, private keys, e-voting systems, user rights, and refugee food distribution.
clients; Coinbase;	Our exchange clients, including Coinbase, do not provide us with any personally identifiable information about their users.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
the country; the establishment;	The final ISA report puts forth several main ideas for how to support the crypto industry in the country including the establishment of regulatory sandbox and the creation of a special platform to trade cryptocurrencies under enhanced regulation.
countries; Malta;	If the recommendations presented by the ISA are adopted, Israel could join countries such as Malta and Switzerland in creating a regulatory infrastructure for the industry.
countries; Switzerland;	If the recommendations presented by the ISA are adopted, Israel could join countries such as Malta and Switzerland in creating a regulatory infrastructure for the industry.
time; the monitor;	The repayment contemplated by the cash flow is inappropriate until such time as the monitor has reviewed the requested information and satisfied itself as to the source of funds used to fund the CCAA proceeding.
independent researchers; James;	The discovery of Ernst & Young followed the claims of independent researchers including James Edwards who found trails to the funds of QuadrigaCX.
exchanges; Bitfinex;	A report curated by Edwards claimed that nearly $90 million in Ethereum held by QuadrigaCX were sent to cryptocurrency exchanges such as Bitfinex and Poloniex.
exchanges; Poloniex;	A report curated by Edwards claimed that nearly $90 million in Ethereum held by QuadrigaCX were sent to cryptocurrency exchanges such as Bitfinex and Poloniex.
any repayment; Robertson;	Currently, the creditors of QuadrigaCX are protesting against the issuance of any repayment including Robertson’s $225,000, around $130,000 for QuadrigaCX’s law firm, and $148,000 for Ernst & Young.
tokens; Basic Attention;	Many other crypto wallets prioritize Ethereum due to the same wallet address being used to receive Ether (ETH) in addition to a variety of ERC-20 tokens such as Basic Attention Token (BAT), 0x (ZRX), Maker (MKR), and hundreds more.
suit; Apple;	It’s expected that as cryptocurrency adoption grows, other companies will follow suit, including Apple who has dominated the smartphone market since its inception.
risk; the cryptocurrency;	This unit has enhanced the CRA’s ability to monitor and enforce compliance in areas of emerging risk, including the cryptocurrency space.
risk; the cryptocurrency;	This unit has enhanced the CRA’s ability to monitor and enforce compliance in areas of emerging risk, including the cryptocurrency space.
Federal agencies; the CRA;	Federal agencies such as the CRA are entitled to audit individuals to determine whether they have fully disclosed and paid their tax obligations in full.
crypto-savvy agencies; America;	Nevertheless, the depth and breadth of the questions posed to the Canadian citizens targeted is more extensive than anything previously perpetrated by other crypto-savvy agencies such as America’s IRS.
cryptocurrencies; ];	New reports have come to light suggesting that the Canada Revenue Agency [CRA] is looking into the trade of Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies which can be subject to audits.
transactions; the United;	The CRA is not the first body to raise concerns about such transactions as the United States Internal Revenue Service [IRS] had previously called out Coinbase on the alleged selling of large amounts of user data to other parties.
financial procedures; audits;	The movement to put Bitcoin and other digital assets under the umbrella of audits and other financial procedures in Canada caught the eye of many in the cryptocurrency community.
risk; the cryptocurrency;	This unit has enhanced the CRA’s ability to monitor and enforce compliance in areas of emerging risk, including the cryptocurrency space.
risk; the cryptocurrency;	This unit has enhanced the CRA’s ability to monitor and enforce compliance in areas of emerging risk, including the cryptocurrency space.
related subjects; history;	The questionnaire asks about investments, mining history, assets, wallets, ICOs, and other related subjects.
related subjects; assets;	The questionnaire asks about investments, mining history, assets, wallets, ICOs, and other related subjects.
related subjects; wallets;	The questionnaire asks about investments, mining history, assets, wallets, ICOs, and other related subjects.
related subjects; ICOs;	The questionnaire asks about investments, mining history, assets, wallets, ICOs, and other related subjects.
agencies; the CRA;	This attitude is a relic of the past when such agencies as the CRA had a far greater degree of control over the personal finances of Canadian citizens.
risk; the cryptocurrency;	This unit has enhanced the CRA’s ability to monitor and enforce compliance in areas of emerging risk, including the cryptocurrency space.
some traction; Ontology;	In the recent few days, plenty of altcoins gained some traction, including Ontology which shows a solid upward move.
markets; Tron;	While that is partially the case, markets such as Tron are already dipping in the red.
fiat currencies; British pounds;	On the platform, users are able to place orders with self-selected exchange rates and payment methods including cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies such as British pounds, Chinese renminbi, Vietnamese dong, Russian rubles and Thai baht.
fiat currencies; Chinese;	On the platform, users are able to place orders with self-selected exchange rates and payment methods including cryptocurrencies and fiat currencies such as British pounds, Chinese renminbi, Vietnamese dong, Russian rubles and Thai baht.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
illegal activities; laundering;	According to Cointelegraph, the Korean Broadcasting System, one of the largest national public broadcasters, published an article, where it stated that the South Korean Supreme Prosecutors' Office, will be establishing a brand new special task force to fight and investigate fraud, illegal money laundering, crimes and other illegal activities within the fields of fintech and cryptocurrency.
illegal activities; crimes;	According to Cointelegraph, the Korean Broadcasting System, one of the largest national public broadcasters, published an article, where it stated that the South Korean Supreme Prosecutors' Office, will be establishing a brand new special task force to fight and investigate fraud, illegal money laundering, crimes and other illegal activities within the fields of fintech and cryptocurrency.
markets; stocks;	Customers of Etoro outside the United States are currently able to trade in more than 1,500 asset classes and markets including stocks, bonds, cryptocurrencies, fiat currencies, and commodities, Techcrunch reported.
markets; bonds;	Customers of Etoro outside the United States are currently able to trade in more than 1,500 asset classes and markets including stocks, bonds, cryptocurrencies, fiat currencies, and commodities, Techcrunch reported.
markets; cryptocurrencies;	Customers of Etoro outside the United States are currently able to trade in more than 1,500 asset classes and markets including stocks, bonds, cryptocurrencies, fiat currencies, and commodities, Techcrunch reported.
markets; fiat currencies;	Customers of Etoro outside the United States are currently able to trade in more than 1,500 asset classes and markets including stocks, bonds, cryptocurrencies, fiat currencies, and commodities, Techcrunch reported.
several cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Within the U.S., the company has also launched its multi-signature digital crypto wallet where users can store, send and receive several cryptocurrencies including BTC, BCH and XRP.
several cryptocurrencies; BCH;	Within the U.S., the company has also launched its multi-signature digital crypto wallet where users can store, send and receive several cryptocurrencies including BTC, BCH and XRP.
several cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Within the U.S., the company has also launched its multi-signature digital crypto wallet where users can store, send and receive several cryptocurrencies including BTC, BCH and XRP.
money; approval;	Also, the company has just got the FinCEN approval and other money transfer licenses, he says.
resources; funds;	Fired up to see @Ripple join a growing number of Bay Area tech companies committing funds and other resources to fight poverty in our region!
connected subsidiaries; Technologies;	According to regional reports, members of Bitmain Technologies and other connected subsidiaries like Copernicus are starting an offshoot company called Matrix.
popular cryptocurrencies; Ether;	Currently, FDAS has only given Bitcoin (BTC) its stamp of approval, even though Jessop has stated that Ether and other popular cryptocurrencies may see support eventually.
things; demand;	We’re currently supporting bitcoin, we have designs to support other coins over the balance of the year center to various criteria including our [in-house selection framework], where we obviously look … at client demand and other things.
drugs; cocaine;	The Lamborghini-driving Bitcoin trader Sam Karagiozis, the creator of 'Auscoin', an Australian bitcoin ATM company, was charged and arrested by Australian Federal Police with trafficking about 30 kilograms of drugs, including cocaine, MDMA and methamphetamine.
drugs; MDMA;	The Lamborghini-driving Bitcoin trader Sam Karagiozis, the creator of 'Auscoin', an Australian bitcoin ATM company, was charged and arrested by Australian Federal Police with trafficking about 30 kilograms of drugs, including cocaine, MDMA and methamphetamine.
drugs; methamphetamine;	The Lamborghini-driving Bitcoin trader Sam Karagiozis, the creator of 'Auscoin', an Australian bitcoin ATM company, was charged and arrested by Australian Federal Police with trafficking about 30 kilograms of drugs, including cocaine, MDMA and methamphetamine.
goals; the development;	Per Friday’s announcement, the NEM Foundation will set up a “transformation task force” to work on short term goals including the development of weekly and monthly reporting structures for employees and a scorecard for grading employee performance.
cryptocurrencies; the market;	However, due to the sharp decline in the valuations of most cryptocurrencies, including the market cap of all XEM tokens which is now below $400 million, Tinsman revealed that the NEM Foundation laid off around 100 of its staff members.
forms; articles;	Per a press release, this represents approximately 10% of the content on the English installment of the website, which sports 726 articles, videos, glossary items, and other forms of media.
forms; videos;	Per a press release, this represents approximately 10% of the content on the English installment of the website, which sports 726 articles, videos, glossary items, and other forms of media.
forms; glossary items;	Per a press release, this represents approximately 10% of the content on the English installment of the website, which sports 726 articles, videos, glossary items, and other forms of media.
western powerhouses; the U.S.;	It is clear that the Malta-registered startup is looking to tackle emerging markets, as that is where pundits believe cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies can really take root, rather than the U.S. and other western powerhouses.
digital assets; cryptocurrencies;	The forum discussed a number of important topics including ADGM’s regulations and supervisory approach to digital assets such as cryptocurrencies.
new FinTech; cryptocurrencies;	Given the rapid emergence of new FinTech such as cryptocurrencies and other crypto assets, it is essential that we develop frameworks and regulations that govern these technologies and developments.
crypto-related businesses; initial coin;	As previously reported, the MFSA envisions coordinating interactions with crypto-related businesses such as initial coin offering (ICO) operators and crypto exchanges through virtual financial agents (VFA agents).
digital wallets; ICOs;	Ciphertrace will be expected to keep track of transactions that pass through local crypto exchanges and digital wallets including ICOs, screening for potential money laundering and terrorism financing violations.
businesses; cryptocurrency;	This solution tracks the risk exposure of virtual asset businesses including cryptocurrency exchanges, collective investment schemes and ICOs to measure potential exposure.
financial institutions; banks;	However, banks and other financial institutions have started using the Ciphertrace compliance monitoring tool “to help decide which virtual asset businesses to trust as corporate customers.
businesses; cryptocurrency;	This solution tracks the risk exposure of virtual asset businesses including cryptocurrency exchanges, collective investment schemes and initial coin offerings (ICOs) to gauge and measure potential exposure.
financial institutions; Banks;	Banks and other financial institutions use the CipherTrace Compliance Monitoring solution to help decide which virtual asset businesses to trust as corporate customers.
entities; exchanges;	CipherTrace machine learning algorithms calculate risk levels for exchanges, addresses, wallets and other entities based on known associations, criminal addresses, and money laundering services.
entities; addresses;	CipherTrace machine learning algorithms calculate risk levels for exchanges, addresses, wallets and other entities based on known associations, criminal addresses, and money laundering services.
entities; wallets;	CipherTrace machine learning algorithms calculate risk levels for exchanges, addresses, wallets and other entities based on known associations, criminal addresses, and money laundering services.
top national brands; Amazon;	Soon users of BAT will be able to trade in their crypto in exchange for hotel stays worldwide, restaurant vouchers, exclusive entertainment experiences, as well as gift cards from top national brands including Amazon, Starbucks, Uber, Apple and many more, thanks to the TAP Network which has partnerships with over 250,000 brands.
top national brands; Starbucks;	Soon users of BAT will be able to trade in their crypto in exchange for hotel stays worldwide, restaurant vouchers, exclusive entertainment experiences, as well as gift cards from top national brands including Amazon, Starbucks, Uber, Apple and many more, thanks to the TAP Network which has partnerships with over 250,000 brands.
top national brands; Uber;	Soon users of BAT will be able to trade in their crypto in exchange for hotel stays worldwide, restaurant vouchers, exclusive entertainment experiences, as well as gift cards from top national brands including Amazon, Starbucks, Uber, Apple and many more, thanks to the TAP Network which has partnerships with over 250,000 brands.
top national brands; Apple;	Soon users of BAT will be able to trade in their crypto in exchange for hotel stays worldwide, restaurant vouchers, exclusive entertainment experiences, as well as gift cards from top national brands including Amazon, Starbucks, Uber, Apple and many more, thanks to the TAP Network which has partnerships with over 250,000 brands.
Various advertisers; BuySellAds;	Various advertisers, including BuySellAds, TAP Network, AirSwap, Fluidity, and Uphold, had the opportunity to publicly test and learn about Brave Ads’ early use cases during Phase 1.
Various advertisers; TAP;	Various advertisers, including BuySellAds, TAP Network, AirSwap, Fluidity, and Uphold, had the opportunity to publicly test and learn about Brave Ads’ early use cases during Phase 1.
services; BuySellAds;	The company has also established a number of notable partnerships for its ads services, including BuySellAds, TAP Network, AirSwap, Fluidity, and Uphold.
services; TAP;	The company has also established a number of notable partnerships for its ads services, including BuySellAds, TAP Network, AirSwap, Fluidity, and Uphold.
technology; Slack;	BuySellAds was reportedly the first ad partner to leverage Brave Ads’ API, providing ad revenue from Slack, PaperTrail, and other technology brands.
technology; PaperTrail;	BuySellAds was reportedly the first ad partner to leverage Brave Ads’ API, providing ad revenue from Slack, PaperTrail, and other technology brands.
companies; Rio;	Chris Mellor, head of ETF equity product management in Europe at Invesco, reportedly said: “the potential for blockchain to boost earnings was often not reflected in the share prices of companies such as Rio Tinto, the mining company that owns hydroelectric assets that could be harnessed for cryptocurrency mining.”
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	The ETF is targeting firms that will likely generate income from using blockchain, the technology that underpins digital currencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
digital currencies; Ethereum;	The ETF is targeting firms that will likely generate income from using blockchain, the technology that underpins digital currencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
companies; AMD;	Other companies in the ETF include CME Group (Chicago Mercantile Exchange & Chicago Board of Trade), a U.S. financial markets firm with a special interest in BTC futures trading, and well-known tech companies such as AMD, Apple, and Intel.
companies; Apple;	Other companies in the ETF include CME Group (Chicago Mercantile Exchange & Chicago Board of Trade), a U.S. financial markets firm with a special interest in BTC futures trading, and well-known tech companies such as AMD, Apple, and Intel.
industry; some –;	The exchange-traded fund features 48 companies with ties to the blockchain industry, including some – like Square – that have dabbled directly in the bitcoin or crypto space.
space; Square;	The London Stock Exchange just listed a blockchain ETF, providing investors with broad exposure to companies that are active in the crypto space, including Square and Overstock.
space; Overstock;	The London Stock Exchange just listed a blockchain ETF, providing investors with broad exposure to companies that are active in the crypto space, including Square and Overstock.
major players; Amazon;	This index includes major players such as Amazon, General Motors, and Apple.
major players; General;	This index includes major players such as Amazon, General Motors, and Apple.
firms; Axel;	As Chepicap reported, the German firm Boersenmedien AG acquired a stake in payments processor company SatoshiPay, which already has agreements in place with firms such as Axel Springer, the largest publishing house in Europe, to accept Stellar payments for content.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
the privacy-oriented assets; Monero;	Committee of France’s National Assembly has published the report, aiming to ban all digital currencies that are part of the privacy-oriented assets, including Monero and Zcash.
the privacy-oriented assets; Zcash;	Committee of France’s National Assembly has published the report, aiming to ban all digital currencies that are part of the privacy-oriented assets, including Monero and Zcash.
tokens; Bitcoin;	Sponsored by Republican senator Phil Stephenson, HB 4371 takes aim at anonymity in cryptocurrency use while also suggesting the state should only accept what Stephenson refers to as “verified identity digital currency.” It is the latter term, crucial to the bill’s changing of the law, which Valkenburg and others claim is unenforceable — as it does not adequately describe the functionality of tokens such as Bitcoin.
certain privacy-oriented cryptocurrencies; monero;	Last week, several members of France’s National Assembly had been discussing the potential prohibition of certain privacy-oriented cryptocurrencies including monero (XMR), zcash (ZEC), PIVX, and DeepOnion.
illicit activities; money;	Additionally, the report highlights what may be considered inherent risks associated with using anonymous cryptocurrencies such as being able to use them to carry out illicit activities including money laundering and financing drug and human trafficking.
coins; Monero;	Although the bill does not explicitly name cryptocurrencies that anonymize their users, coins such as Monero, Zcash and Grin which use protocols to ensure private transactions would be banned.
coins; Zcash;	Although the bill does not explicitly name cryptocurrencies that anonymize their users, coins such as Monero, Zcash and Grin which use protocols to ensure private transactions would be banned.
coins; Grin;	Although the bill does not explicitly name cryptocurrencies that anonymize their users, coins such as Monero, Zcash and Grin which use protocols to ensure private transactions would be banned.
address; XRP;	Same with every other type of address, including XRP.
large interests; banks;	Regulations and laws have a way of replicating themselves in other jurisdictions, especially when they’re engineered by large interests such as banks and payment processors.
large interests; payment;	Regulations and laws have a way of replicating themselves in other jurisdictions, especially when they’re engineered by large interests such as banks and payment processors.
funds; IDG;	Bloomberg announced the news, following the successful completion of Kakaos $90m funding round from venture capital and private equity funds including IDG Capital, Cresendo Equity Partners and Translink Capital.
service; games;	Kakao will be looking to launch their blockchain platform feature service such as games and travel apps.
service; travel;	Kakao will be looking to launch their blockchain platform feature service such as games and travel apps.
jurisdictions; the US;	Through its acceptance of only vetted private investors, Kakao managed to stay on the right side of the law, Bloomberg added — both at home and in the eyes of jurisdictions such as the US.
capital; China-Focused IDG;	Ground X’s private token sale unfolded over a three-month stretch at year-end 2018, attracting institutional investors across private equity and venture capital including China-Focused IDG Capital, South Korea-based Crescendo Equity Partners, and U.S.-based Translink Capital, the latter of which is dedicated to helping entrepreneurs establish partnerships in Asia.
funds; IDG;	Participants in the funding round included venture and private equity funds including IDG Capital, Crescendo Equity Partners, and Translink Captial, Han further said.
the platform; South;	Han also said that Ground X already partnered with 26 countries that will run their applications on the platform, including South Korea’s popular game developer Wemade Entertainment Co., video-streaming service operator Watcha Inc., and a unit of Chinese high-end travel agency Zanadu.
blockchains; network;	The iUSD stablecoin is being launched with the help of Rate3 Network, and can help to seamlessly transfer digital assets between the IOST network and other blockchains.
index; XRP;	And there’s a good chance that this potential may turn into a reality after the firm managed to previously list a basket of cryptocurrencies on the exchange within their aptly named, HODL 5 index including XRP, Bitcoin cash (BCH), ETH, BTC and litecoin (LTC).
index; Bitcoin;	And there’s a good chance that this potential may turn into a reality after the firm managed to previously list a basket of cryptocurrencies on the exchange within their aptly named, HODL 5 index including XRP, Bitcoin cash (BCH), ETH, BTC and litecoin (LTC).
toes; XRP;	The market has kept most cryptocurrencies on its toes, including XRP.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The CEO noted that his company also obtained clearances to issue ETPs linked to four more cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin Cash [BCH], Litecoin [LTC], Stellar Lumens [XLM] and EOS.
tokenised ETFs; SPY;	Nasdaq-powered digital trading platform DX.exchange has announced its addition of tokenised ETFs, including SPY(S&P 500) and QQQ(Nasdaq Composite) services.
essential names; the leaders;	The great thing is that the man will be working with highly essential names such as the leaders from Microsoft, IBM, R3, Circle and KPMG.
actual assets; stocks;	“Unlike actual assets such as stocks or gold, an index doesn’t have its own price, but displays a value representing the prices of an underlying group of assets according to its specific calculation methodology.
actual assets; gold;	“Unlike actual assets such as stocks or gold, an index doesn’t have its own price, but displays a value representing the prices of an underlying group of assets according to its specific calculation methodology.
service; infrastructure;	The imminent blockchain-powered exchange would be built on the R3 Corda Enterprise—a paid version of R3’s open source Corda platform that is suited for use with capital markets infrastructure, insurance, and other service applications.
service; insurance;	The imminent blockchain-powered exchange would be built on the R3 Corda Enterprise—a paid version of R3’s open source Corda platform that is suited for use with capital markets infrastructure, insurance, and other service applications.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	SIX already hosts a number of crypto ETPs, with the first being the HODL5 fund – an index of 5 leading digital assets including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ripple (XRP), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), and Litecoin (LTC).
large-scale projects; the Burj;	United Arab Emirates-based Emaar Group, a billion dollar real estate development firm focused on launching large-scale projects such as the Burj Khalifa, the world’s tallest building, is reportedly planning to introduce its own crypto-based token.
community; the bitcoin;	The decision will upset many in the crypto community, especially the bitcoin maximalists.
phones; the HTC;	While some other phones such as the HTC Exodus support bitcoin, the S10 is by far the largest smartphone with a global reach.
competitors; Trezor;	Both companies are involved in producing hardware wallets for cryptocurrencies and Ledger said it has “a responsibility to enhance security throughout the entire blockchain ecosystem whenever possible,” and that’s why the AttackLab in their Paris HQ constantly try to hack their own products as well as competitors such as Trezor’s products.
a few models; the new LCD;	Trezor’s hardware wallets claim to offer a “safe place” for cryptocurrencies and its product line includes a few models, including the new LCD screen Model T.
consumer; services;	These solutions can reportedly improve services such as digital identity authentication, Know Your Customer compliance, lending and payments services, and other consumer processes that require authentication.
services; identification;	By creating a permissioned blockchain network where services can be shared among all credit unions, CULedger will improve services such as identification authentication, regulatory compliance around know-your-customer (KYC), lending and payments, while making it easier and more efficient for consumers to conduct any interactions that require authentication.
services; identification;	Julie Esser, CULedger’s Chief Engagement Officer, explained that the aim of the collaboration is focusing on such services as identification authentication, regulatory compliance around know-your-customer (KYC), lending and payments.
services; savings;	Currently, there are over 260 million members belonging to credit unions, financial co-operatives that provide savings, loans and other services to their members.
services; loans;	Currently, there are over 260 million members belonging to credit unions, financial co-operatives that provide savings, loans and other services to their members.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This was followed by Tyler speaking about what Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies were in relation to checking accounts or cash.
cryptocurrencies; the Bitcoin;	Tyler stated that the Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies were “money built for the internet,” while cash and checking accounts were built by the bankers before the internet.
space; “ Crypto;	The platform opted for advertising slogans connected to cryptocurrency space such as “Crypto without chaos,” “The Revolution needs Rules” and “Money has Future.” This campaign resulted in the entire space criticizing the exchange, with several stating that it was self-regulatory.
platforms; Messenger;	Although Facebook hasn't yet officially confirmed the news on its 'Facebook Coin', it has been reported that the social media giant is indeed developing a cryptocurrency for global payments that will be tied to the value of traditional currencies and available to use on platforms such as Messenger, Whatsapp and Instagram.
platforms; Whatsapp;	Although Facebook hasn't yet officially confirmed the news on its 'Facebook Coin', it has been reported that the social media giant is indeed developing a cryptocurrency for global payments that will be tied to the value of traditional currencies and available to use on platforms such as Messenger, Whatsapp and Instagram.
platforms; Instagram;	Although Facebook hasn't yet officially confirmed the news on its 'Facebook Coin', it has been reported that the social media giant is indeed developing a cryptocurrency for global payments that will be tied to the value of traditional currencies and available to use on platforms such as Messenger, Whatsapp and Instagram.
Several analysts; Forrester;	Several analysts, including Forrester’s Thomas Husson, foresee Facebook creating a new business model with private messaging, leading to secure transactions.
public posts; feeds;	Almost all of Facebook’s $56 billion in revenue last year came from advertising sold on news feeds and other public posts.
controversies; the data;	In the past year, Facebook was garnering a lot of attention from the media due to controversies including the data breach by London-based Cambridge Analytica.
scandals; the sudden resignation;	It also had other smaller scandals such as the sudden resignation of the founders of Instagram.
marquee apps; Instagram;	The social media giant acquired marquee apps such as Instagram and WhatsApp while massively expanding its overall user base.
marquee apps; WhatsApp;	The social media giant acquired marquee apps such as Instagram and WhatsApp while massively expanding its overall user base.
popular custodial wallets; Coinbase;	In fact, Bancor states “the user experience of the Bancor Wallet resembles that of Coinbase and other popular custodial wallets”.
benefits; free EOS;	For EOS fans, the wallet includes other benefits, including free EOS account generation and enough EOS resources to get started.
key implementations; wallets;	With more wallets, exchanges, and other key implementations like the new Bancor wallet and the Samsung Galaxy S10 wallet, cryptocurrency adoptions now seem closer than ever.
key implementations; exchanges;	With more wallets, exchanges, and other key implementations like the new Bancor wallet and the Samsung Galaxy S10 wallet, cryptocurrency adoptions now seem closer than ever.
precious metals; gold;	Paxos Technology Solutions LLC, a New York-based fintech firm that is focused on “mobilizing” money, gold, securities, and other assets at “the speed of the internet,” is reportedly planning to introduce a digital token that will be backed by precious metals such as gold.
figures; Twitter;	This was thanks in part to participation from figures such as Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, who later hinted Lightning payment functionality would be coming to both Twitter and his payments company Square.
details; asset;	“Liquid Core has Confidential Transactions enabled by default, hiding key transaction details such as asset types and amounts from third parties.
actors; Beau;	The movie trailer which was released recently, features actors such as Beau Knapp (The Signal), Alexis Bledel (Gilmore Girls), Kurt Russell (Escape from New York) and Luke Hemsworth (Westworld TV Series).
thing; bad publicity;	They do say that there’s no such thing as bad publicity.
some well-known names; Kurt;	Directed by John Stalberg Jr., the film will be released in theaters across the world on April 12, and stars some well-known names such as Kurt Russell, Beau Knapp and Luke Hemsworth.
crypto-related services; exchanges;	Referred to as the “false top-up,” SlowMist’s Medium blog post states that the vulnerability can potentially be exploited by an attacker as they “can successfully deposit EOS to these platforms without transferring any EOS.” Platforms which are likely to be affected by this particular EOS-related vulnerability include digital asset exchanges, wallets and other crypto-related services, SlowMist noted.
crypto-related services; wallets;	Referred to as the “false top-up,” SlowMist’s Medium blog post states that the vulnerability can potentially be exploited by an attacker as they “can successfully deposit EOS to these platforms without transferring any EOS.” Platforms which are likely to be affected by this particular EOS-related vulnerability include digital asset exchanges, wallets and other crypto-related services, SlowMist noted.
many countries; India;	He admitted that in many countries, including India, big industry players have collaborated to utilize the technology.
many countries; big industry;	He admitted that in many countries, including India, big industry players have collaborated to utilize the technology.
endeavors; developments;	The first project to have its IEO featured on Bittrex will be RAID – an international gaming data blockchain which aims to develop technologies geared to rewarding gamers for sharing information which improves marketing, business developments and other endeavors of gaming companies.
industries; industry;	Let’s use it to help our entrepreneurs and #BUIDL our #crypto industry, and other industries after that.
several top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Equicex opened up Dash trading with several top cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], Litecoin [LTC], Ethereum Classic [ETC] and Bitcoin Cash [BCH], among others.
appliances; a television;	Beyond its Avalon line of miners, the company was looking into creating other products such as home appliances, including a television set that mines cryptocurrencies “while you sleep” and specialized chips to power artificial intelligence (AI) applications.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
channels; Visa;	Hong Kong headquartered Crypto.com is a pioneering payments platform that aims to increase crypto adoption through various payments channels including Visa cards.
key; the US;	We’ve received hugely positive feedback from our customers in Singapore and are looking forward to shipping the cards in the US, Europe and other key markets.
key; Europe;	We’ve received hugely positive feedback from our customers in Singapore and are looking forward to shipping the cards in the US, Europe and other key markets.
parameters; location;	Like the fish in this case study, IoT sensors can be attached to any object entrusted to someone else for transport, with trackable ownership, possession, and telemetry parameters such as location, temperature, humidity, motion, shock and tilt.
parameters; temperature;	Like the fish in this case study, IoT sensors can be attached to any object entrusted to someone else for transport, with trackable ownership, possession, and telemetry parameters such as location, temperature, humidity, motion, shock and tilt.
parameters; humidity;	Like the fish in this case study, IoT sensors can be attached to any object entrusted to someone else for transport, with trackable ownership, possession, and telemetry parameters such as location, temperature, humidity, motion, shock and tilt.
parameters; motion;	Like the fish in this case study, IoT sensors can be attached to any object entrusted to someone else for transport, with trackable ownership, possession, and telemetry parameters such as location, temperature, humidity, motion, shock and tilt.
parameters; shock;	Like the fish in this case study, IoT sensors can be attached to any object entrusted to someone else for transport, with trackable ownership, possession, and telemetry parameters such as location, temperature, humidity, motion, shock and tilt.
parameters; tilt;	Like the fish in this case study, IoT sensors can be attached to any object entrusted to someone else for transport, with trackable ownership, possession, and telemetry parameters such as location, temperature, humidity, motion, shock and tilt.
leverage; loans;	Millennials to high-school teachers who invested in the cryptocurrency market lost tens of thousands of dollars on average after obtaining bank loans and other leverage to invest in cryptocurrencies.
conglomerates; Samsung;	As such, despite the involvement of the country’s biggest conglomerates including Samsung, Kakao, Shinhan Bank, and many more, a relatively large number of public figures who invested in the cryptocurrency space ended up apologizing to the public.
conglomerates; Kakao;	As such, despite the involvement of the country’s biggest conglomerates including Samsung, Kakao, Shinhan Bank, and many more, a relatively large number of public figures who invested in the cryptocurrency space ended up apologizing to the public.
conglomerates; Shinhan;	As such, despite the involvement of the country’s biggest conglomerates including Samsung, Kakao, Shinhan Bank, and many more, a relatively large number of public figures who invested in the cryptocurrency space ended up apologizing to the public.
a cryptocurrency; Ethereum;	Back in 2018, Hinman explained that a cryptocurrency such as Ethereum could have been distributed through an Initial Coin Offering (ICO) – which are considered securities in most of the cases.
assets; Ethereum;	Previously, Clayton had said that he did not consider Bitcoin a security, but he had declined to address other assets, including Ethereum.
businesses; entrepreneurs;	During a speech last December, Clayton agreed that ICOs were a novel way for entrepreneurs and other businesses to raise capital as long as they follow securities laws.
law; Howey;	The SEC applies tests developed through case law, including Howey.
law; the well-established ‘;	“Generally, we look at whether the digital asset fits the definition of a security as set forth in the federal securities laws… We also apply tests developed through case law, including the well-established ‘investment contract’ test articulated by the Supreme Court in SEC v. Howey and its progeny,” he noted.
tokens; Ethereum;	Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Jay Clayton confirmed an existing analysis stating that Ethereum and other tokens of similar characteristics did not fall within the securities category under SEC standards.
progeny; United;	“We also apply tests developed through case law, including the well-established “investment contract”* test articulated by the Supreme Court in SEC v. Howey and its progeny, including United Housing Found, Inc. v. Forman.
similar tokens; ETH;	Mr. Clayton’s statements are of special importance for traders of ETH and other similar tokens since they open the doors to American exchanges to operate freely without the uncertainty of being accused in the future of illegal operations with undeclared securities.
industries; securities;	“Blockchain technology has incredible promise for securities and other industries.
costs; the costs;	I think we all can agree on that… It greatly reduces transactions costs, including the costs of verification.
blockchains; Bitcoin;	Originally it only supported Ether (ETH) and Ethereum tokens, but after it got acquired by Binance, support for other coins started to happen, such that it currently supports 17 blockchains, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic, TRON, Wanchain, VeChain, Dash, ICON, and EOS, as well as any 20,000+ ERC20-compatible, ERC223-compatible, or ERC721-compatible Ethereum tokens (such as Basic Atttention Token or Augur).
blockchains; Bitcoin;	Originally it only supported Ether (ETH) and Ethereum tokens, but after it got acquired by Binance, support for other coins started to happen, such that it currently supports 17 blockchains, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic, TRON, Wanchain, VeChain, Dash, ICON, and EOS, as well as any 20,000+ ERC20-compatible, ERC223-compatible, or ERC721-compatible Ethereum tokens (such as Basic Atttention Token or Augur).
processing; BitMART;	Simlex also helps several other crypto companies with debit/credit card processing, including BitMART Exchange, Xaro, BTCC, and Changelly.
major cryptocurrencies; Ripple;	Trust Wallet users can now use credit and debit cards to easily purchase major cryptocurrencies, including Ripple (XRP), Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Litecoin (LTC), and Ethereum (ETH).
leaders; Facebook;	Sun also expects that tech leaders such as Facebook will do a great deal for mass adoption of crypto.
leaders; Facebook;	Sun also said that he expects that tech leaders such as Facebook will do a great deal for mass adoption of crypto.
companies; Kabam;	The founding team hails from industry leading game companies such as Kabam, Unity, and GarageGames.
companies; Unity;	The founding team hails from industry leading game companies such as Kabam, Unity, and GarageGames.
luminaries; Fred;	Forte has also garnered investment and support from blockchain luminaries including Fred Ehrsam, co-founder at Coinbase; Balaji Srinivasan, co-founder at Earn.com and CTO at Coinbase; and Forte economist-in-residence Richard Lyons, former Dean of Berkeley’s Haas Business School.
capitalists; Andreesen;	Forte, a blockchain platform where developers can launch new games or where existing games can be imported to, was created by a gaming veteran, Kevin Chou and together with Brett Seyler, their company has received funding from industry luminaries and seasoned venture capitalists including Andreesen Horowitz, Canaan Partners, CoinBase Ventures, Battery Ventures and others.
prominent Silicon; Ventures;	To facilitate development on the project Ripple will be working with Forte, a startup founded this year and backed by Coinbase Ventures, Battery Ventures, and other prominent Silicon Valley investors.
third-party services; eBay;	The current methods used by players to trade in-game assets are often legally questionable and sales take place using third-party services such as eBay.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	The blockchain is the technology behind digital currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
digital currencies; Ethereum;	The blockchain is the technology behind digital currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
digital currencies; XRP;	The blockchain is the technology behind digital currencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
veterans; Brett;	Other veterans such as Brett Seyler are helping Chou’s company to create and make a platform for the adoption of blockchain technologies in the gaming industry.
large investors; Marc;	The firm has already received funding from large investors such as Marc Andreessen’s venture capital company Andreessen Horowitz.
investors; Fred;	It is worth mentioning that Forte has also received support from blockchain firms and investors such as Fred Ehrsam, the co-founder of the Coinbase cryptocurrency exchange, Balaji Srinivasan, the co-founder of Earn.com and many others.
names; Andreesen;	According to Fortune, part of Ripple's plan to integrate blockchain technology into gaming, is a $100 million fund for developers, which will be overseen by Forte, a San Francisco company founded by prominent gaming executives, and which is backed and advised by a host of big Silicon Valley names, including Andreesen Horowitz, Coinbase Ventures and Battery Ventures.
in-game currency; gold;	Beard points out that gamers will buy other players’ accounts off eBay for hundreds of dollars, or turn to third party sites to buy in-game currency such as gold from World of Warcraft.
technologies; Interledger;	The company wants to ensure the creation of a strong community of developers and firms interested in bringing changes to all spheres with the help of blockchain technologies including Interledger and XRP Ledger.
technologies; XRP;	The company wants to ensure the creation of a strong community of developers and firms interested in bringing changes to all spheres with the help of blockchain technologies including Interledger and XRP Ledger.
prominent investors; a16z crypto;	Forte was founded in February 2019 with the support of such prominent investors as a16z crypto, Andreessen Horowitz, Canaan Partners, Coinbase Ventures, and others.
prominent investors; Andreessen;	Forte was founded in February 2019 with the support of such prominent investors as a16z crypto, Andreessen Horowitz, Canaan Partners, Coinbase Ventures, and others.
numerous investors; Coinbase;	It also has the backing of numerous investors, including Coinbase Ventures and Andreessen Horowitz.
names; Andreessen;	Forte is advised and backed by a host of big Silicon Valley names, including Andreessen Horowitz, Coinbase Ventures and Battery Ventures.
Ripple; Coil;	The San Francisco-based gaming company relies heavily on technologies developed by Ripple, including Coil, Interledger Protocol [ILP], and Codius.
Ripple; Interledger;	The San Francisco-based gaming company relies heavily on technologies developed by Ripple, including Coil, Interledger Protocol [ILP], and Codius.
video; Nintendo;	And in January, key players from Nintendo, Sony, and other video game companies formed an investment company specifically intended to help smaller and independent game developers create blockchain-powered games.
video; Sony;	And in January, key players from Nintendo, Sony, and other video game companies formed an investment company specifically intended to help smaller and independent game developers create blockchain-powered games.
crypto; XRP;	Ripple is also backing Raised in Space Enterprises which is a startup that’s planning to use crypto such as XRP to revive the music industry.
firms; Coinbase;	Forte has investment from several known blockchain capital firms, including Coinbase Ventures and Andreesen Horowitz’s a16z crypto.
firms; Andreessen;	 Forte notably raised an undisclosed amount from major venture capital firms, including Andreessen Horowitz, Battery Ventures, Canaan Partners, Coinbase Ventures, 1confirmation and others.
stablecoins; Tether;	In October, Huobi wallet became the first wallet to expand support to cover eight stablecoins, including Tether (USDT), EURT (EURT), Paxos Standard Token (PAX), TrueUSD (TUSD), USD Coin (USDC), Gemini Dollar (GUSD), Dai (DAI), Stasis EURS (EURS).
security-related patents; patents;	Moreover, Huobi Wallet leverages multiple blockchain security-related patents, including patents for security isolation and data encryption, to provide state of the art protection for digital assets.
agencies; the Toronto;	Looking for the suspects, Calgary Police are being aided by other law enforcement agencies, including the Toronto Police, the Winnipeg Police Service, and more.
towns; Calgary—with;	double spent by four scammers across seven towns including Calgary—with 45
Canadian cities; Calgary;	The press release states that in September of last year, the suspects allegedly made 112 fraudulent transactions at BTMs in seven Canadian cities, including Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Hamilton, Winnipeg, and Sherwood Park.
Canadian cities; Toronto;	The press release states that in September of last year, the suspects allegedly made 112 fraudulent transactions at BTMs in seven Canadian cities, including Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Hamilton, Winnipeg, and Sherwood Park.
Canadian cities; Montreal;	The press release states that in September of last year, the suspects allegedly made 112 fraudulent transactions at BTMs in seven Canadian cities, including Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Hamilton, Winnipeg, and Sherwood Park.
Canadian cities; Ottawa;	The press release states that in September of last year, the suspects allegedly made 112 fraudulent transactions at BTMs in seven Canadian cities, including Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Hamilton, Winnipeg, and Sherwood Park.
Canadian cities; Hamilton;	The press release states that in September of last year, the suspects allegedly made 112 fraudulent transactions at BTMs in seven Canadian cities, including Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Hamilton, Winnipeg, and Sherwood Park.
Canadian cities; Winnipeg;	The press release states that in September of last year, the suspects allegedly made 112 fraudulent transactions at BTMs in seven Canadian cities, including Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Hamilton, Winnipeg, and Sherwood Park.
several cities; Calgary;	Canadian law enforcement officials are on the lookout for 4 individuals who are responsible for carrying out over 100 double spending transactions at Bitcoin ATMs in several cities, including Calgary, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal, Sherwood Park, Ottawa and Hamilton.
several cities; Winnipeg;	Canadian law enforcement officials are on the lookout for 4 individuals who are responsible for carrying out over 100 double spending transactions at Bitcoin ATMs in several cities, including Calgary, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal, Sherwood Park, Ottawa and Hamilton.
several cities; Toronto;	Canadian law enforcement officials are on the lookout for 4 individuals who are responsible for carrying out over 100 double spending transactions at Bitcoin ATMs in several cities, including Calgary, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal, Sherwood Park, Ottawa and Hamilton.
several cities; Montreal;	Canadian law enforcement officials are on the lookout for 4 individuals who are responsible for carrying out over 100 double spending transactions at Bitcoin ATMs in several cities, including Calgary, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal, Sherwood Park, Ottawa and Hamilton.
several cities; Sherwood;	Canadian law enforcement officials are on the lookout for 4 individuals who are responsible for carrying out over 100 double spending transactions at Bitcoin ATMs in several cities, including Calgary, Winnipeg, Toronto, Montreal, Sherwood Park, Ottawa and Hamilton.
clients; client;	Meanwhile, Parity Technologies already integrated full ProgPoW support into its client, and other clients are testing the update, which means that the release may be just a matter of weeks away.
relevant government; Ministry;	The Director of the Fintech Department at the SEC, Archari Suppiroj, said that the final approval of the ICO portal lay with the Thailand Commerce Ministry, and other relevant government agencies, an approval he deemed to be imminent.
assets; securities;	“In the future, the SEC will issue a criteria that allows companies to apply tokenisation to securities and other assets.”
agencies; the Ministry;	Archari Suppiroj, the SEC’s director of Fintech, confirmed that the commission had forwarded its selection to the relevant government agencies, including the Ministry of Commerce, for further consideration.
assets; real estate;	According to Suppiroj, the ICO market has matured since 2017 and is beginning to graduate from intangible project ideas to ICOs that are physically backed by assets such as real estate.
types; securities;	She then stated that those interested in the digitization of asset types such as securities, and who would like to launch an STO, will need to apply for a license approved by the Securities and Exchange Act.
assets; securities;	“In the future, the [Thai] SEC will issue a criterion that allows companies to apply tokenization to securities and other assets.
agencies; the Commerce;	Archari Suppiroj, the director of the fintech department at the SEC, said that Thailand's first authorized ICO portal is being finalized for official approval with the relevant government agencies such as the Commerce Ministry.
related parties; financial advisers;	The fintech departement director further said that the SEC will issue rules on depository centres and regulations to support tokenisation, as well as change the role of related parties such as financial advisers and underwriters.
related parties; underwriters;	The fintech departement director further said that the SEC will issue rules on depository centres and regulations to support tokenisation, as well as change the role of related parties such as financial advisers and underwriters.
classes; digital assets;	'TSD or commercial banks, which have broad public trust, will be able to expand their businesses to other asset classes, including digital assets.'
bodies; the Commerce;	According to a report from the Bangkok Post, Archari Suppiroj, the director of the Thai SEC's FinTech department, stated the portal is now being finalized for official approval from other government bodies, including the Commerce Ministry.
assets; securities;	However, Suppiroj does note the country's SEC is creating application criteria for firms to get a license to tokenize securities and other assets.
agencies; the Commerce;	However, Archari Suppiroj, director of the fintech department at the commission, told the publication that “Thailand’s first authorised ICO portal is being finalised for official approval with the relevant government agencies such as the Commerce Ministry.”
popular cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The wallet supports all ERC-20 tokens as well as popular cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and now XRP.
popular cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	The wallet supports all ERC-20 tokens as well as popular cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and now XRP.
popular cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	The wallet supports all ERC-20 tokens as well as popular cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and now XRP.
popular cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The wallet supports all ERC-20 tokens as well as popular cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and now XRP.
Ethereum-based projects; ERC-20;	Native support for ether on the Abra platform is the first step to harnessing Ethereum’s ecosystem, paving the way to support innovative projects like ERC-20 and other Ethereum-based projects and the unique assets they provide investors.
the thriller; Bitcoin;	At least five different cryptos are featured in the thriller, including Bitcoin (BTC), Stellar (XLM), Waves (WAVES), NEO (NEO) and Ethereum (ETH).
The moviegoers; the cryptocurrency;	The moviegoers, especially the cryptocurrency industry members, would hope not to sit through a 2-hour lousy tale of Bitcoin’s illegal connections that have been touted through the years.
collectibles; rare digital art;	  "Coinbase Wallet is a software product that gives you access to a wide spectrum of decentralized innovation - buy and store ERC-20 tokens, participate in airdrops and ICOs, collect rare digital art and other collectibles, browse decentralized apps (DApps), shop at stores that accept cryptocurrency, and send crypto to anyone around the world."
apps; Compound;	 Coinbase Wallet also features a decentralized apps (DApps) browser, and this feature makes it easier for users to fund their wallet " in order to buy digital collectibles, play games, or use open finance apps such as Compound or Maker."
apps; Maker;	 Coinbase Wallet also features a decentralized apps (DApps) browser, and this feature makes it easier for users to fund their wallet " in order to buy digital collectibles, play games, or use open finance apps such as Compound or Maker."
collectibles; rare digital art;	As Coinbase states, it is possible to buy and store ERC-20 tokens, take part in airdrops and ICOs, collect rare digital art and other collectibles, browse decentralized apps (DApps), shop at stores that accept cryptocurrency, and send crypto to anyone globally.
digital currencies; Litecoin;	At that time, the team behind Coinbase promised to add support for more digital currencies, including Litecoin.
node clients; client;	To be clear, the possible bug is only with the Parity Full Node client, and other node clients are not believed to be effected.
names; Dragonfly;	The new investors have joined Coinflex’s investor consortium, which includes major market making and venture capital names such as Dragonfly Capital Partners, Trading Technologies and Roger Ver.
the project; Dragonfly;	They have joined a consortium of other investors in the project, including Dragonfly Capital Partners, Roger Ver, and Trading Technologies.
crypto-related businesses; the risk;	Pointing to a large number of risks associated with the interaction between banks and crypto-related businesses, including the risk of money laundering, terrorist financing, fraud and hacking, the BCBS provided a list of minimum requirements for a bank to operate crypto-related services.
cryptocurrencies; liquidity;	Citing a high degree of risk between banks and cryptocurrencies such as liquidity risk, credit risk, money laundering and terrorist financing as well as legal and reputational risks, the BCBS don’t recommend banks become involved with digital assets.
risks; fraud;	Crypto assets are also highly volatile and expose banks to risks including fraud and terrorist financing links, the committee alleged.
risks; terrorist financing;	Crypto assets are also highly volatile and expose banks to risks including fraud and terrorist financing links, the committee alleged.
banks; liquidity;	“They present a number of risks for banks, including liquidity risk … operational risk (including fraud and cyber risks); money laundering and terrorist financing risk.”
firms; the Intercontinental;	There are other firms such as the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE) and Fidelity Digital Assets that are working in order to offer services to institutional clients.
traders; family;	Both companies are building platforms specifically designed for larger traders such as family offices, pension funds or financial institutions from different countries.
participants; broker-dealers;	Nasdaq’s market technology powers more than 250 of the world’s market infrastructure organizations and market participants, including broker-dealers, exchanges, clearinghouses, central securities depositories, and regulators, in over 50 countries with end-to-end, mission-critical technology solutions.
participants; exchanges;	Nasdaq’s market technology powers more than 250 of the world’s market infrastructure organizations and market participants, including broker-dealers, exchanges, clearinghouses, central securities depositories, and regulators, in over 50 countries with end-to-end, mission-critical technology solutions.
participants; clearinghouses;	Nasdaq’s market technology powers more than 250 of the world’s market infrastructure organizations and market participants, including broker-dealers, exchanges, clearinghouses, central securities depositories, and regulators, in over 50 countries with end-to-end, mission-critical technology solutions.
participants; central securities;	Nasdaq’s market technology powers more than 250 of the world’s market infrastructure organizations and market participants, including broker-dealers, exchanges, clearinghouses, central securities depositories, and regulators, in over 50 countries with end-to-end, mission-critical technology solutions.
exploitative activities; market;	As noted in the press release, Nasdaq’s surveillance technology has been developed “to ensure that surveillance protocols fit the needs of a crypto marketplace.” Bcause’s management will use the surveillance tools to monitor trading on the platform and help prevent exploitative activities such as market manipulation.
fields; media;	The role asks for an understanding in a variety of fields, including media and journalism, software development and product design.
fields; journalism;	The role asks for an understanding in a variety of fields, including media and journalism, software development and product design.
full trading; limit;	XLM trading will go through three stages before enabling full trading, including limit, market and stop orders.
full trading; market;	XLM trading will go through three stages before enabling full trading, including limit, market and stop orders.
full trading; stop orders;	XLM trading will go through three stages before enabling full trading, including limit, market and stop orders.
Full trading; limit;	Full trading, including limit, market, and stop orders, will only become available at 1 p.m. PST.
Full trading; market;	Full trading, including limit, market, and stop orders, will only become available at 1 p.m. PST.
full trading; limit;	Finally, the full trading phase will open the door to full trading including limit, market and stop orders.
full trading; market;	Finally, the full trading phase will open the door to full trading including limit, market and stop orders.
full trading; stop orders;	Finally, the full trading phase will open the door to full trading including limit, market and stop orders.
retail platforms; Coinbase.com;	It’s also worth noting that the digital asset is not available yet on COinbase’s retail platforms such as Coinbase.com, and its iOS and Android apps.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
third parties; exchanges;	Bitcoin’s energy consumption estimate only considers mining and not Bitcoin ATMs and trusted third parties such as exchanges, wallet providers and payment service providers.
third parties; wallet;	Bitcoin’s energy consumption estimate only considers mining and not Bitcoin ATMs and trusted third parties such as exchanges, wallet providers and payment service providers.
various industries; banking;	She joins 20 other industry leaders, all appointed to the TFAC as well, from various industries including banking, finance, and trade.
various industries; finance;	She joins 20 other industry leaders, all appointed to the TFAC as well, from various industries including banking, finance, and trade.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Of the many criticisms that are levelled at Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, the negative impact that they have on the environment is one of the tougher ones to dismiss.
cryptocurrency; Bitocin;	However, solar energy might just be the solution to the ever mounting electricity costs that Bitocin and other cryptocurrency miners face on a daily basis.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Northern Bitcoin, for example, began mining their Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies deep within an old Norwegian metal mine.
Nasdaq-traded stock; Tesla;	The fanfare grew ever more with the detail that the exchange would be listing Nasdaq-traded stock such as Tesla, Apple, and Amazon realized through security tokens represented as ERC-20 tokens and backed by real stocks issued by multi-asset broker, MPS MarketPlace Securities (MPS).
Nasdaq-traded stock; Apple;	The fanfare grew ever more with the detail that the exchange would be listing Nasdaq-traded stock such as Tesla, Apple, and Amazon realized through security tokens represented as ERC-20 tokens and backed by real stocks issued by multi-asset broker, MPS MarketPlace Securities (MPS).
assets; USD;	by actual fiat currency assets, including USD and Euros.
assets; Euros;	by actual fiat currency assets, including USD and Euros.
areas; custody;	The paper seeks input on areas including custody, asset verification, price determination, and market surveillance.
areas; asset;	The paper seeks input on areas including custody, asset verification, price determination, and market surveillance.
technological innovations; cryptocurrency;	He went on to state that it was important to adapt to technological innovations such as cryptocurrency and that regulations should be tailored to “unique business models”.
entities; QuadrigaCX;	“Based on the transaction analysis included in the report, it appears that a significant amount of Ethereum (600,000+ ETH) was transferred to these exchanges as a means of ‘storage’ during the years that QuadrigaCX was in operation and offering Ethereum on their exchange… it is very possible that QuadrigaCX, the creditors, and other entities are unaware of this discovery,” the Zerononcense Blog report explained.
entities; the creditors;	“Based on the transaction analysis included in the report, it appears that a significant amount of Ethereum (600,000+ ETH) was transferred to these exchanges as a means of ‘storage’ during the years that QuadrigaCX was in operation and offering Ethereum on their exchange… it is very possible that QuadrigaCX, the creditors, and other entities are unaware of this discovery,” the Zerononcense Blog report explained.
retail platforms; Coinbase.com;	At the moment, the virtual currency is not available on Coinbase’s retail platforms such as Coinbase.com or the Android and iOS applications.
retail platforms; the Android;	At the moment, the virtual currency is not available on Coinbase’s retail platforms such as Coinbase.com or the Android and iOS applications.
users; institutions;	The intention is to offer fast, cheap and reliable transactions to users such as institutions and retail investors.
users; retail investors;	The intention is to offer fast, cheap and reliable transactions to users such as institutions and retail investors.
major blockchain; Binance;	The software development kit released by Cosmos is already in use by Binance and other major blockchain firms.
technology; the introduction;	More recently, a report to the European Union made recommendations on how to better develop blockchain technology, including the introduction of interoperability and scalability standards.
investors; Bain;	Development of the Cosmos Network is led by Tendermint, Inc., the blockchain consensus project behind Tendermint Core, whose backers include prominent USD$400 million blockchain fund Paradigm, and other investors such as Bain Capital and 1confirmation.
limitations; scalability;	Speaking at the launch, Jae Kwon said, “Blockchain technology is an incredible innovation that has unfortunately been hamstrung by a series of limitations, including scalability problems, a lack of usability and myriad governance and environmental issues.
global securities; cryptocurrencies;	In addition to offering Thai investors a more robust platform for trading global securities, including cryptocurrencies, SET is going completely paperless, allowing clients to open paperless accounts digitally through electronic identification verification
global securities; SET;	In addition to offering Thai investors a more robust platform for trading global securities, including cryptocurrencies, SET is going completely paperless, allowing clients to open paperless accounts digitally through electronic identification verification
cryptos; Ethereum;	The wallet already supports other cryptos including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Ethereum Classic, Bitcoin Cash, and numerous other ERC721 and ERC20 collectibles based on the Ethereum network.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	The wallet already supports other cryptos including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Ethereum Classic, Bitcoin Cash, and numerous other ERC721 and ERC20 collectibles based on the Ethereum network.
cryptos; Ethereum;	The wallet already supports other cryptos including Ethereum, Bitcoin, Ethereum Classic, Bitcoin Cash, and numerous other ERC721 and ERC20 collectibles based on the Ethereum network.
digital assets; Stellar;	Other digital assets such as Stellar (XLM) are falling more than 4.5% in the last 24 hours.
key technical indicators; the Moving;	Analysts said that key technical indicators such as the Moving Average Convergence Divergence had been moving downward since mid-February.
SEC; Bitcoin;	In the midst of all of this, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has been considering whether to approve a Bitcoin ETF, and some of the signs appear positive, Commissioner Hester Peirce, affectionately known as “Crypto Mom”, has spoken positively of Bitcoin and other SEC staff members have said that approval is a matter of if, not when.
Firms; Bakkt;	Firms such as Bakkt, ErisX, Nasdaq, and CoinFLEX are set to launch their digital asset trading platforms over the next few months.
Firms; ErisX;	Firms such as Bakkt, ErisX, Nasdaq, and CoinFLEX are set to launch their digital asset trading platforms over the next few months.
Firms; Nasdaq;	Firms such as Bakkt, ErisX, Nasdaq, and CoinFLEX are set to launch their digital asset trading platforms over the next few months.
multiple sources; Bloomberg;	As multiple sources including Bloomberg reported March 14, Karpeles, who has been under suspicion for embezzling millions of dollars in user funds, is guilty only of record tampering in the eyes of Japanese law.
fraud; embezzlement;	Tokyo prosecutors had previously accused Karpeles on multiple accounts of fraud, including embezzlement and aggravated breach of trust, demanding a 10-year prison term for him.
the charges; the loss;	The rest of the charges, including the loss of millions of dollars in Bitcoin, were dropped.
an ostentatious lifestyle; living;	Karpeles came under scrutiny after prosecutors claimed he used the embezzled money to fund an ostentatious lifestyle, including living in a $11,000-a-month rented apartment and regularly spending on overseas trips.
unfair trade; the popularization;	The main revisions brought to the table by the amendment include the aforementioned name change, the prohibition of advertising and solicitation that encourages speculation, maintaining an information disclosure system, and the prohibition of unfair trade such as the popularization of reputation and price manipulation.
precious metals; gold;	To date, there remain hundreds of billions of dollars worth of gold and other precious metals lost at sea.
Cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	He also started accepting Cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum and other ERC 20 tokens in July last year.
Cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	He also started accepting Cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum and other ERC 20 tokens in July last year.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	HUGE news – my campaign can now accept Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies!
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	HUGE news – my campaign can now accept Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies!
candidates; Elizabeth;	Yang will join the debate along with 19 other candidates including Elizabeth Warren, Bernie Sanders, Cory Brooker, and others.
competitors; Amazon;	The MercadoLibre platform, which expects to strengthen its presence in the territories with the highest sales volume, being Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico, in a move to directly take on competitors such as Amazon and eBay, announced March 19th as the deadline for these changes in an e-mail to its clients.
competitors; eBay;	The MercadoLibre platform, which expects to strengthen its presence in the territories with the highest sales volume, being Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico, in a move to directly take on competitors such as Amazon and eBay, announced March 19th as the deadline for these changes in an e-mail to its clients.
advertising; Network;	The project had been in the works for quite some time, according to the previous partnerships of Brave with TAP Network and other advertising firms.
service; regular updates;	Since been given access to their site on 14 February, the exchange has taken significant steps in resuming service, including regular updates via their Twitter handle.
leading coins; Bitcoin;	On the other hand, leading coins, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and Litecoin, were seen taking a bearish correction route following an impressive rally last week.
leading coins; Ethereum;	On the other hand, leading coins, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and Litecoin, were seen taking a bearish correction route following an impressive rally last week.
leading coins; XRP;	On the other hand, leading coins, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and Litecoin, were seen taking a bearish correction route following an impressive rally last week.
areas; regulation;	The roadmap being developed look to focus on a "number of policy areas including regulation, skills and capacity building, innovation, investment, and international competitiveness and collaboration."
areas; skills;	The roadmap being developed look to focus on a "number of policy areas including regulation, skills and capacity building, innovation, investment, and international competitiveness and collaboration."
areas; capacity;	The roadmap being developed look to focus on a "number of policy areas including regulation, skills and capacity building, innovation, investment, and international competitiveness and collaboration."
industries; agriculture;	Th Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment Simon Birmingham also commented on the announcement saying that Australia already have a competitive edge when it comes to industries such as agriculture, fintech, resources and services, "It is vital Australia and our tech companies stay ahead of the game in one of the world’s fastest growing technology sectors,” Minister Birmingham said.
industries; fintech;	Th Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment Simon Birmingham also commented on the announcement saying that Australia already have a competitive edge when it comes to industries such as agriculture, fintech, resources and services, "It is vital Australia and our tech companies stay ahead of the game in one of the world’s fastest growing technology sectors,” Minister Birmingham said.
industries; resources;	Th Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment Simon Birmingham also commented on the announcement saying that Australia already have a competitive edge when it comes to industries such as agriculture, fintech, resources and services, "It is vital Australia and our tech companies stay ahead of the game in one of the world’s fastest growing technology sectors,” Minister Birmingham said.
industries; services;	Th Minister for Trade, Tourism and Investment Simon Birmingham also commented on the announcement saying that Australia already have a competitive edge when it comes to industries such as agriculture, fintech, resources and services, "It is vital Australia and our tech companies stay ahead of the game in one of the world’s fastest growing technology sectors,” Minister Birmingham said.
the country; the potential;	The latest blockchain initiative adds to the over AU$1 million already invested into several blockchain research projects in the country including the potential to use blockchain for government payments, as well as researching international blockchain standards.
policy-making areas; regulation;	Detailed in the press release, Australia’s blockchain roadmap will focus on a number of policy-making areas including regulation, skills and capacity building, innovation, investment, and international competitiveness and collaboration.
policy-making areas; skills;	Detailed in the press release, Australia’s blockchain roadmap will focus on a number of policy-making areas including regulation, skills and capacity building, innovation, investment, and international competitiveness and collaboration.
policy-making areas; capacity;	Detailed in the press release, Australia’s blockchain roadmap will focus on a number of policy-making areas including regulation, skills and capacity building, innovation, investment, and international competitiveness and collaboration.
different geographical regions; North;	The project was able to set a benchmark of 30,000 transactions per second from different geographical regions, including North America, South America, and Europe.
Australian industries; finance;	As for today's joint press release, the two ministers note that previous rounds of governmental blockchain funding, and the most recent AU$100,000 round, are part of a $1 billion national innovation and science agenda working toward job creation and implementing blockchain tech into Australian industries, including finance, legal, agriculture, and supply chains.
tokens; Ripple;	Much related to the JPM Coin, now it seems as if an opportunity could be preparing for tokens such as Ripple, which could help to solve Citibank's need for a digital asset.
similar projects; the JPM;	Gulru Atak, global head of innovation at Citi, reflected to Coindesk on some of the causes for the cancellation of the plans for launching their own bank-crypto, which are seemingly related to the negative public reaction and subsequent failure of similar projects such as the JPM Coin:
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	JP Morgan executives bashed Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies only to adopt the technology later.
technology; open source;	Keep up with cutting edge technology especially open source projects, and strive to contribute to Visa’s IP portfolio
Fintechs; Robinhood;	Fintechs such as Robinhood Crypto, Revolut, Clover and Samsung are among the many disruptors building bridges to the digital economy.
a large entity; Visa;	While Visa’s decision to enter cryptocurrency may invoke ridicule or distrust from the crypto community, given how crypto competes directly with the payments processor, the fact that Visa is even considering cryptocurrencies shows how persuasive the technology’s capabilities are, especially if a large entity such as Visa is entering the space.
people; the crypto;	To tell the truth, there was the unusual indicator that made millions of people, especially the crypto gurus instantly react with the news.
assets; securities;	“Tether reserves the right to delay the redemption or withdrawal of Tether Tokens if such delay is necessitated by the illiquidity or unavailability or loss of any Reserves held by Tether to back the Tether Tokens, and Tether reserves the right to redeem Tether Tokens by in-kind redemptions of securities and other assets held in the Reserves.”
types; users;	The score is calculated by analyzing activity within a particular blockchain and labeling wallet addresses to determine the number of users, exchanges, contracts, and other types of participants.
types; exchanges;	The score is calculated by analyzing activity within a particular blockchain and labeling wallet addresses to determine the number of users, exchanges, contracts, and other types of participants.
types; contracts;	The score is calculated by analyzing activity within a particular blockchain and labeling wallet addresses to determine the number of users, exchanges, contracts, and other types of participants.
factors; code;	Developer behavior indicates the level of activity and efficiency of a development community on a specific blockchain or project, and comprises such factors as code changes, code improvements, and community involvement.
the project; developer;	The new rating is called the Fundamental Crypto Asset Score (FCAS), and it examines several factors to give viewers a sense of the fundamental strength of the project, including developer behavior, market maturity and user activity.
network; the actions;	Network activity measures all of the user behavior on a particular project’s network, including the actions of wallets operated by stakers, miners, users and investors.
several publishers; TheStreet;	FCAS was recently added to CoinMarketCap along with several publishers including TheStreet, MarketWatch, and Stocktwits.
several publishers; MarketWatch;	FCAS was recently added to CoinMarketCap along with several publishers including TheStreet, MarketWatch, and Stocktwits.
various groups; developers;	The content will explain about blockchain technology and how various groups, including developers, impact the ecosystem.
types; exchanges;	“The fundamental is derived by ingesting all activity within a specific blockchain, parsing methods where appropriate, (ie: in ERC-20 smart contracts) and labeling wallet addresses to identify exchanges, projects, contracts, users, and other types of participants.”
types; projects;	“The fundamental is derived by ingesting all activity within a specific blockchain, parsing methods where appropriate, (ie: in ERC-20 smart contracts) and labeling wallet addresses to identify exchanges, projects, contracts, users, and other types of participants.”
types; contracts;	“The fundamental is derived by ingesting all activity within a specific blockchain, parsing methods where appropriate, (ie: in ERC-20 smart contracts) and labeling wallet addresses to identify exchanges, projects, contracts, users, and other types of participants.”
types; users;	“The fundamental is derived by ingesting all activity within a specific blockchain, parsing methods where appropriate, (ie: in ERC-20 smart contracts) and labeling wallet addresses to identify exchanges, projects, contracts, users, and other types of participants.”
new technologies; blockchain;	Previously, Cointelegraph had reported that Kakao spent more than $57 million on new technologies, including blockchain and artificial intelligence.
new technologies; artificial intelligence;	Previously, Cointelegraph had reported that Kakao spent more than $57 million on new technologies, including blockchain and artificial intelligence.
giants; companies;	Lately, we’ve seen a global trend of tech companies and other giants considering implementing the blockchain in their operations.
blockchain; the wallet;	While the technical specifics of the wallet functionality have yet to be revealed, and Kakao reps haven’t confirmed the wallet’s actual existence, industry executives told fnnews that Kakao is considering an opt-in method that will allow users to access the wallet and other blockchain services directly in their KakaoTalk app.
branches; KakaoTaxi;	Kakao is South Korea’s largest internet conglomerate and it works with other branches such as KakaoTaxi, KakaoTalk, KakaoPay and many others.
branches; KakaoTalk;	Kakao is South Korea’s largest internet conglomerate and it works with other branches such as KakaoTaxi, KakaoTalk, KakaoPay and many others.
branches; KakaoPay;	Kakao is South Korea’s largest internet conglomerate and it works with other branches such as KakaoTaxi, KakaoTalk, KakaoPay and many others.
branches; many others;	Kakao is South Korea’s largest internet conglomerate and it works with other branches such as KakaoTaxi, KakaoTalk, KakaoPay and many others.
companies; Telegram;	There are other messaging companies such as Telegram, Messenger and WhatsApp that could also implement their own crypto and blockchain solutions in the future.
companies; Messenger;	There are other messaging companies such as Telegram, Messenger and WhatsApp that could also implement their own crypto and blockchain solutions in the future.
companies; WhatsApp;	There are other messaging companies such as Telegram, Messenger and WhatsApp that could also implement their own crypto and blockchain solutions in the future.
international banks; Banco;	IBM announced that 6 international banks, including Banco Bradesco, Bank Busan, and Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation, have signed letters of intent to issue their own stable coins on World Wire, IBM's payment network that uses the Stellar public blockchain.
financial barriers; fees;	And even though globalisation has changed the world, payment fees and other financial barriers remain the same.
crypto assets; bitcoin;	The crypto industry’s 2018 bear market resulted in a flood of stablecoin issuances, which seek to keep a constant price in the face of the high volatility of bitcoin and other crypto assets.
banks; the corporate clients;	Last month JPMorgan Chase announced JPM Coin, which it didn’t call a “stablecoin” but effectively functions as a dollar-backed bridge currency for the corporate clients and other banks with which it transacts.
international banks; Banco;	Pending regulatory approvals and other reviews, six international banks, including Banco Bradesco, Bank Busan, and Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (RCBC), have signed letters of intent to issue their own stable coins on World Wire, adding Euro, Indonesian Rupiah, Philippine Peso, Korean Won and Brazilian Real stable coins to the network.
international financial institutions; banks;	In this case, the deal between IBM and international financial institutions such as banks and foreign exchanges will bring exposure to XLM, opening bigger markets for it.
international financial institutions; foreign exchanges;	In this case, the deal between IBM and international financial institutions such as banks and foreign exchanges will bring exposure to XLM, opening bigger markets for it.
regulated financial institutions; banks;	According to Lund, World Wire was an “entirely new type of payment,” designed for regulated financial institutions, including banks and non-banks.
regulated financial institutions; non-banks;	According to Lund, World Wire was an “entirely new type of payment,” designed for regulated financial institutions, including banks and non-banks.
international banks; Banco;	Although no banks have actually signed up yet to use World Wire, six international banks, including Banco Bradesco, Bank Busan, and Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation (RCBC), have "signed letters of intent to issue their own stable coins on World Wire, adding Euro, Indonesian Rupiah, Philippine Peso, Korean Won and Brazilian Real stable coins to the network."
financial institutions; banks;	While the legal status of the whole enterprise is being sorted out in the US, IBM’s World Wire has already enabled the functioning of payment locations in 72 countries, using 47 currencies, and 44 banks and other financial institutions for transferring money.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	The company has a reputation as Europe’s leading retail broker for easy-to-use, safe and trustworthy trading of Bitcoin and other digital assets.
attractions; the Dubai;	The hotel is located within a stone’s throw of tourist attractions such as the Dubai Eye, Dubai Marina Mall, and the Mall of the Emirates, which seemingly could open up more opportunities for integrating kiosks or other partnerships.
Japanese financial regulators; the FSA;	Investors will no doubt see this as evidence that the FSA and other Japanese financial regulators now fully appreciate the nuances of crypto trade, giving them the ability to fight against scam investments without hurting the legitimate market.
Japan; top brokerage;	Further, in a practice similar to that of foreign exchange trading, all the exchanges involved in leveraging will be required to re-register with the regulatory authorities of Japan, including top brokerage firms.
categories; exchanges;	Additionally, virtual currency operators would be divided into categories, including exchanges involved in margin trading and exchanges involved in initial coin offerings.
altcoins; Zcash;	Equihash is the algorithm used in altcoins such as Zcash (ZEC) and ZenCash (ZEN).
cryptocurrencies; Zcash;	The Antminer Z11 is designed by Bitmain to virtually mine cryptocurrencies such as Zcash, which are based on the Equihash algorithm.
algorithm; the privacy-focused altcoin;	The new device is designed to mine coins that are based on the Equihash proof-of-work algorithm such as the privacy-focused altcoin zcash (ZEC).
SHA-256 coins; bitcoin;	On Feb. 18, the manufacturing giant announced its next-generation 7nm ASIC chip for mining SHA-256 coins such as bitcoin core (BTC) and bitcoin cash (BCH).
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
cryptocurrencies; ether;	It concerns the popular bitcoin, but also half a dozen other cryptocurrencies, including ether, bitcoin cash, and litecoin.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	This shows that there is interest in Bitcoin and other digital currencies in the market.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Swiss individuals that make purchases online can now pay with Bitcoin and other digital assets for the goods they purchase online.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	While the company has wanted to integrate cryptocurrencies for quite some time and appears to support the movement, they admit the primary reason for accepting Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is to attract a younger, technology-savvy clientele and present themselves as progressive.
numerous cryptocurrency-tied products; a Bitcoin;	There are numerous large cryptocurrency events held in Switzerland, and SIX, the country’s largest stock exchange, has rolled out numerous cryptocurrency-tied products such as a Bitcoin ETP, Ethereum ETP, XRP ETP, and a crypto ETP.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Do you think it’s only a matter of time before other online retail giants accept Bitcoin and other cryptos?
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The latest two major companies to declare support for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies for products or services announced the addition of the revolutionary payment methods earlier today.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	However, in the parts of the world for which Bitcoin and other cryptos hold the most promise, acceptance amongst retailers continues to remain low.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	However, those with access to a plethora of established and relatively trustworthy banking services are much less in need of the permissionless, non-governmental value-transfer-networks offered by Bitcoin and other cryptos than those living in places where banking resources are rare.
different cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Digitec and Galaxus customers will now be able to pay with their choice of up to 10 different cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, and TRON's TRX.
different cryptocurrencies; Ether;	Digitec and Galaxus customers will now be able to pay with their choice of up to 10 different cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, and TRON's TRX.
different cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Digitec and Galaxus customers will now be able to pay with their choice of up to 10 different cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, Ether, Litecoin, and TRON's TRX.
major digital currencies; bitcoin;	In what comes as a major impetus for cryptocurrency adoption, Switzerland’s largest online retail store, Digitec-Galaxus, now accepts major digital currencies such as bitcoin, ether, and XRP, among others as a means of payment.
trends; gasless meta;	In Ethereum, I think recent UX trends such as gasless meta transactions and universal login, and projects like Austin Griffith's Burner Wallet (https://xdai.io) will massively improve the UX of Ethereum dApps and lead to greater adoption.
trends; gasless meta;	In Ethereum, I think recent UX trends such as gasless meta transactions and universal login, and projects like Austin Griffith's Burner Wallet will massively improve the UX of Ethereum dApps and lead to greater adoption.
new projects; solutions;	We don’t want to give it all away, but our revisited business strategy for this “Push Button Blockchain” concept will gradually become a base for much of our upcoming business solutions and other new projects we have in the pipeline.”
the market; BTC;	Overall, the market, including BTC and the Altcoins, is on a “stand-by” mode, looking for its next direction, which should be triggered soon.
the market; the Altcoins;	Overall, the market, including BTC and the Altcoins, is on a “stand-by” mode, looking for its next direction, which should be triggered soon.
well-known businesses; Binance;	The revelations came as a result of calculations of lesser-known exchanges versus well-known businesses such as Binance and Kraken.
well-known businesses; Kraken;	The revelations came as a result of calculations of lesser-known exchanges versus well-known businesses such as Binance and Kraken.
resources; CoinMarketCap;	Then, as now, Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao (CZ) took industry participants to task, arguing listing resources such as CoinMarketCap added to the confusion.
exchanges; Coinbase;	The researchers from startup Tie went ahead to compare the near $600 weighted average trading volume per user visit in leading exchanges such as Coinbase Pro, Binance, Kraken, Gemini and applied it to other smaller exchanges.
notable exchanges; Binance;	Although notable exchanges such as Binance have proven themselves to be genuine, bad actors continue to shed a bad light on the industry.
forces; the bear;	Jesse Lund, Vice President of IBM Blockchain, explained that market forces including the bear market, drove the demand for stablecoins and that his team allowed it to drive expansion and selection of the network.
crypto; Bitcoin;	The platform reportedly allows investors to buy security tokens using both fiat and crypto such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum, Tether (USDT) and Ripple (XRP).
verification; Know;	Before using the service, customers are requested to pass account verification, including Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering procedures.
digital currencies; options;	Per the release, the service currently only allows users to buy bitcoin using Australian Dollars (AUD), but it plans to support more fiat purchasing options and other digital currencies in the future.
methods; online POLi;	They can also use other payment methods such as online POLi payments, vouchers, electronic funds transfer through BPAY and OTC/ATM cash deposits to any Commonwealth Bank branch.
means; buses;	It’s reported that other transportation systems including taxis, airport buses, and other means of transportation will implement online blockchain electronic invoicing functions.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	A lot of people use Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to send money to and from the country.
traditional providers; Moneygram;	This tactic allows them to avoid the high fees usually charged by traditional providers such as Moneygram or Western Union.
traditional providers; Western;	This tactic allows them to avoid the high fees usually charged by traditional providers such as Moneygram or Western Union.
digital coins; Bitcoin;	As we mentioned, the value of Bitcoin and other digital coins changes often and drastically.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	To them, Bitcoin and other cryptos are still a much-preferred alternative of storing value than the country’s native currency.
projects; OpenVZ;	USDDex development team has extensive experience in blockchain industry and in such projects as OpenVZ and Debian.
projects; Debian;	USDDex development team has extensive experience in blockchain industry and in such projects as OpenVZ and Debian.
real-world assets; fiat;	This type of cryptos is stable and pegged to real-world assets such as fiat or even gold or oil.
projects; OpenVZ;	The development team behind USDDex has great experience in the blockchain industry and in such projects as OpenVZ and Debian.
projects; Debian;	The development team behind USDDex has great experience in the blockchain industry and in such projects as OpenVZ and Debian.
major digital assets; Bitcoin;	As its name suggests, USDDex is directly pegged to the United States dollar, helping traders to move their money into crypto without exposing themselves to the erratic price movements seen in other major digital assets such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
major digital assets; Ethereum;	As its name suggests, USDDex is directly pegged to the United States dollar, helping traders to move their money into crypto without exposing themselves to the erratic price movements seen in other major digital assets such as Bitcoin and Ethereum.
wallets; MyEtherWallet;	Adaptable to both centralized and decentralized exchanges, the firm says that its cryptocurrency is supported by most major Ethereum wallets, including MyEtherWallet, MetaMask, Ledger and Parity.
wallets; MetaMask;	Adaptable to both centralized and decentralized exchanges, the firm says that its cryptocurrency is supported by most major Ethereum wallets, including MyEtherWallet, MetaMask, Ledger and Parity.
wallets; Ledger;	Adaptable to both centralized and decentralized exchanges, the firm says that its cryptocurrency is supported by most major Ethereum wallets, including MyEtherWallet, MetaMask, Ledger and Parity.
wallets; Parity;	Adaptable to both centralized and decentralized exchanges, the firm says that its cryptocurrency is supported by most major Ethereum wallets, including MyEtherWallet, MetaMask, Ledger and Parity.
exchanges; HitBTC;	Presently, the company is also preparing to list on 20 exchanges, including HitBTC, Stellar, Bibox and Changelly.
exchanges; Stellar;	Presently, the company is also preparing to list on 20 exchanges, including HitBTC, Stellar, Bibox and Changelly.
exchanges; Bibox;	Presently, the company is also preparing to list on 20 exchanges, including HitBTC, Stellar, Bibox and Changelly.
exchanges; Changelly;	Presently, the company is also preparing to list on 20 exchanges, including HitBTC, Stellar, Bibox and Changelly.
several projects; OpenVZ;	Importantly, USDDEX is designed by a team of sophisticated distributed ledger technology (DLT) and IT professionals who have previously worked on several projects including OpenVZ and Debian.
several projects; Debian;	Importantly, USDDEX is designed by a team of sophisticated distributed ledger technology (DLT) and IT professionals who have previously worked on several projects including OpenVZ and Debian.
sales; the Fetch.AI;	Previously, Binance Launchpad hosted two major tokens sales such as the Fetch.AI (FET) and the BitTorrent token (BTT).
sales; Fetch.AI;	Binance Launchpad has seen the execution of a few different token sales, including Fetch.AI, an AI-focused platform, and TRON’s Bittorrent Token, which has drawn a lot of attention.
sales; an AI-focused platform;	Binance Launchpad has seen the execution of a few different token sales, including Fetch.AI, an AI-focused platform, and TRON’s Bittorrent Token, which has drawn a lot of attention.
markets; aerospace;	It will give Bitcoin massive exposure to a wide range of industries with its integrated solutions for automotive, communications, healthcare, industrial, military and aerospace, security, wearables and other markets.
markets; security;	It will give Bitcoin massive exposure to a wide range of industries with its integrated solutions for automotive, communications, healthcare, industrial, military and aerospace, security, wearables and other markets.
markets; wearables;	It will give Bitcoin massive exposure to a wide range of industries with its integrated solutions for automotive, communications, healthcare, industrial, military and aerospace, security, wearables and other markets.
services; bitcoin cash;	Avnet (Nasdaq: AVT), a Phoenix, Arizona headquartered technology solutions company, has announced on Tuesday that it is now working with Bitpay to accept cryptocurrency payments for its products and services including bitcoin cash (BCH).
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
own cryptocurrency; JPM;	For most companies, their turnaround has either seen them create their own cryptocurrency such as JPM Coin by JP Morgan bank or seen them accept cryptocurrencies as a means of payment.
brands; Dell;	The products that suppliers and customers can now buy with crypto come from brands such as Dell, Asus, Seagate, Fujitsu, Toshiba, and Micron, among others.
brands; Asus;	The products that suppliers and customers can now buy with crypto come from brands such as Dell, Asus, Seagate, Fujitsu, Toshiba, and Micron, among others.
brands; Seagate;	The products that suppliers and customers can now buy with crypto come from brands such as Dell, Asus, Seagate, Fujitsu, Toshiba, and Micron, among others.
brands; Fujitsu;	The products that suppliers and customers can now buy with crypto come from brands such as Dell, Asus, Seagate, Fujitsu, Toshiba, and Micron, among others.
brands; Toshiba;	The products that suppliers and customers can now buy with crypto come from brands such as Dell, Asus, Seagate, Fujitsu, Toshiba, and Micron, among others.
markets; aerospace;	As for the wide range of industries Avnet serves, they include the automotive, communications, healthcare, industrial, military and aerospace, security, wearables, and other markets.
markets; security;	As for the wide range of industries Avnet serves, they include the automotive, communications, healthcare, industrial, military and aerospace, security, wearables, and other markets.
markets; wearables;	As for the wide range of industries Avnet serves, they include the automotive, communications, healthcare, industrial, military and aerospace, security, wearables, and other markets.
instruments; exchange-traded funds;	As reported, the SEC’s chairman Jay Clayton has recently emphasized that custodial practices are a particular area of scrutiny as the agency mulls the regulation of new, prospective crypto investment instruments such as exchange-traded funds.
cyber; exchanges;	The author feels there needs to be a way to protect consumers from losses due to major hacks on crypto exchanges and other cyber threats.
crypto-assets; regulation;	"Congress should pass legislation providing the SEC (oralternatively the CFTC) with the au-thority to regulate the offering, distribution and trading of crypto-assets, including regulation of trading platforms, custodians (or wallets), brokers and advisors."
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Instead of providing trust, Massad wrote that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have created “regulatory distraction” which has contributed to an even greater problem in lack of accountability,
crypto-assets; Bitcoin;	The hype surrounding Bitcoin and other crypto-assets has contributed to regulatory distraction.
the traditional financial markets; the uneven influence;	In addition, the fear is that greater regulation will make the industry no different than that of the traditional financial markets, including the uneven influence imposed by established banking players.
cryptos; Short-selling bitcoin;	Short-selling bitcoin and other cryptos has been steeped in controversy, though many say it was needed.
digital currency-related clients; cryptocurrency;	The filing reveals that as of Dec. 31, 2018, Silvergate had 542 digital currency-related clients including cryptocurrency exchanges and miners, custodians and global investors, among others.
process; regulatory compliance;	By Dec. 31, 232 cryptocurrency customers were purportedly in various stages of the bank’s customer onboarding process, including regulatory compliance.
new clients; software;	Per the document, in the fourth quarter of 2018 the bank saw two exchanges, 33 companies, and 24 investors among its new clients, including software developers, cryptocurrency miners, and service providers.
services; Xapo;	The second biggest group is 142 companies developing new protocols, platforms and applications; mining operations and providers of other services, including Xapo and Paxos.
services; Paxos;	The second biggest group is 142 companies developing new protocols, platforms and applications; mining operations and providers of other services, including Xapo and Paxos.
managers; Kenetic;	The biggest group of clients is 363 institutional investors such as hedge funds, venture capital funds, private equity funds, family offices and traditional asset managers, including Kenetic and Polychain Capital.
managers; Polychain;	The biggest group of clients is 363 institutional investors such as hedge funds, venture capital funds, private equity funds, family offices and traditional asset managers, including Kenetic and Polychain Capital.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
…; risks;	“Our business is subject to many substantial risks and uncertainties you should consider before deciding to invest in our common stock … including risks that that the digital currency industry may not gain widespread adoption, that legal and regulatory uncertainty regarding the regulation of digital currencies and digital currency activities may inhibit the growth of the digital currency industry, that our low-cost funding strategy may not be sustainable, that our deposits may be adversely affected by price volatility.”
factors; price;	The report also listed out the factors affecting the development of the digital currency industry, which included factors such as price volatility and the involvement of the Securities and Exchange [SEC].
businesses; intermediaries;	“…government and quasi-government regulation of digital currencies, their use, and intermediaries and other businesses involved in digital currencies, noting in particular that the SEC has taken action against several cryptocurrency operators and has raised questions whether certain digital currency exchanges must be registered with the SEC to continue operating;”
the coming days; the launch;	As we have reported, there are several developments expected from the Cardano project in the coming days, especially the launch of its next phase (Shelley phase) expected in Q1 of 2019, and this could offer the required momentum to see the coin break its resistance level and hit a new year high.
the top coins; Bitcoin;	Additionally, Cardano [ADA] registered a significant growth of 12.28% during the past seven days, which is more than the top coins, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, during the same time frame.
the top coins; Ethereum;	Additionally, Cardano [ADA] registered a significant growth of 12.28% during the past seven days, which is more than the top coins, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, during the same time frame.
parties; BitPay;	This would enable users to donate cryptocurrency directly to Tor Project, instead of relying on services provided by other parties such as BitPay, a Bitcoin payment service provider.
parties; a Bitcoin;	This would enable users to donate cryptocurrency directly to Tor Project, instead of relying on services provided by other parties such as BitPay, a Bitcoin payment service provider.
stars; G-Eazy;	More than that, XMR’s userbase has continued to grow especially as it has leveraged its partnership with music stars such as G-Eazy and more.
services; BitPay;	This will allow users to donate crypto straight to the Tor Project without having to rely on services such as BitPay which is a BTC payment service provider.
third-party services; BitPay;	The Tor Foundation has created its own cryptocurrency wallet, that allows people to send funds directly to Tor Foundation without relying on third-party services such as BitPay.
firms; mining;	A similar tale has unfolded at other major crypto industry firms, including mining giant Bitmain and Ethereum (ETH) blockchain developer ConsenSys.
Major exchanges; Binance;	Major exchanges such as Binance and Bittrex have launched their own platforms to support new token sale projects.
Major exchanges; Bittrex;	Major exchanges such as Binance and Bittrex have launched their own platforms to support new token sale projects.
services; VPN;	low cost services such as VPN, VoIP, video, IoT data sharing, storage, messaging, CDN, and live streaming.
services; VoIP;	low cost services such as VPN, VoIP, video, IoT data sharing, storage, messaging, CDN, and live streaming.
services; video;	low cost services such as VPN, VoIP, video, IoT data sharing, storage, messaging, CDN, and live streaming.
services; IoT;	low cost services such as VPN, VoIP, video, IoT data sharing, storage, messaging, CDN, and live streaming.
policies; Know;	Polymath explains that its ST-20 standard is a solution to the problem of regulatory compliance when dealing with securities, since the protocol enables restrictions for policies such as Know Your Customer (KYC) and Anti-money laundering (AML).
protocols; Bitcoin;	According to IOHK, this protocol will have the same security guarantees as proof-of-work protocols such as Bitcoin.
popular terminals; Bloomberg;	According to CoinMarketCap CEO Brandon Chez, the website’s launch onto popular terminals such as Bloomberg and Nasdaq will increase user accessibility to cryptocurrency data and increase penetration into the traditional financial markets,
popular terminals; Nasdaq;	According to CoinMarketCap CEO Brandon Chez, the website’s launch onto popular terminals such as Bloomberg and Nasdaq will increase user accessibility to cryptocurrency data and increase penetration into the traditional financial markets,
popular crypto price-trackers; CoinMarketCap;	Just this week, Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao called into question the data presented by popular crypto price-trackers such as CoinMarketCap in response to a report alleging most cryptocurrency exchanges are publishing false trading volume.
Companies; Kudelski;	Companies such as Kudelski, with 30 plus years of experience in cybersecurity, IoT, and public access solutions, are needed to meet the increasingly complex demands of the Fortune 500.”
digital assets; Bitcoin;	He bases his outlook on the growing appeal of Bitcoin and other digital assets in an increasingly unstable geopolitical world.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Although lacking explicitness in his response, Emanuel appears to be alluding to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies giving populations a means to “opt-out” of a national economy.
companies; Coinbase;	With its history steeped in finance, a crypto-curious mayor, and a hive of high profile companies, including Coinbase offices, setting up shop there, Chicago is fast becoming a cryptocurrency hot spot in the US.
major cities; Chicago;	Chicago and other major cities have their own wage laws.
companies; Binance;	Many blockchain companies, including Binance, nest in the tiny nation of Malta.
ERC-721 marketplaces; OpenSea;	While discouraging speculation, CCD also points out that G-VISAs may be available on ERC-721 marketplaces such as OpenSea, and recommends to look there for preferred issuance IDs.
methods; exchanges;	Addressing the 5% commission rate while comparing it with traditional crypto exchanges and other methods of buying Bitcoin, the company’s CEO, Dhingra said:
big names; Honda;	Currently GoWithMi is working together with big names such as Honda, Toyota, Grab and Gojek.
big names; Toyota;	Currently GoWithMi is working together with big names such as Honda, Toyota, Grab and Gojek.
big names; Grab;	Currently GoWithMi is working together with big names such as Honda, Toyota, Grab and Gojek.
big names; Gojek;	Currently GoWithMi is working together with big names such as Honda, Toyota, Grab and Gojek.
experienced firms; Morgan;	Institutional investors seeking a safe haven and a digital parachute should things turn south are increasingly looking towards experienced firms such as Morgan Creek to manage their portfolios.
the program; Bitcoin;	The announcement stated that the program’s beta testing phase was over, and five cryptocurrencies are supported by the program, including Bitcoin [BTC], USD Tether [USDT], Ethereum [ETH], XRP and Binance Coin [BNB].
Huobi; the Litecoin;	As for the LTC, there are news on Huobi including the Litecoin into their Huobi OTC platform.
institutions; JP;	That motto seems to have worked, with many established institutions such as JP Morgan and Banco Santander joining the field.
initiatives; partnerships;	You will be responsible for drafting and negotiating a wide variety of contracts related our blockchain initiatives, including partnerships needed to launch new products and expand such products internationally.
issues; strategies;	You will also advise clients on the various legal risks, business strategies and other issues related to commercial transactions and general operations.”
issues; strategies;	They "will be responsible for drafting and negotiating a wide variety of contracts related our blockchain initiatives, including partnerships needed to launch new products and expand such products internationally...You will also advise clients on the various legal risks, business strategies and other issues related to commercial transactions and general operations."
initiatives; partnerships;	“You will be responsible for drafting and negotiating a wide variety of contracts related to our blockchain initiatives, including partnerships needed to launch new products and expand such products internationally.
issues; strategies;	You will also advise clients on the various legal risks, business strategies and other issues related to commercial transactions and general operations.”
new hires; software;	Furthermore, IIB previously reported that Facebook was growing their blockchain team with a slew of new hires including software engineers specializing in blockchain technology, among other positions back in December 2018.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Coindcx launches lending program: Indian crypto exchange, Coindcx, announced the launch of Dcxlend, a crypto-lending program, that will support five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and XRP.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Coindcx launches lending program: Indian crypto exchange, Coindcx, announced the launch of Dcxlend, a crypto-lending program, that will support five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and XRP.
on-chain sources; exchanges;	It will allow making payments to Lightning Channels from exchanges and other on-chain sources.
figures; Twitter;	The recent Lightning Torch experiment that attracted over 140 participants from over 37 countries has sparked interest from such figures as Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey and Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao.
content; Satoshi;	Some creators have already uploaded pieces of creative writing, along with a bunch of Bitcoin-related content, including Satoshi Nakamoto’s whitepaper.
shortcomings; crypto;	Shapeshift CEO Erik Voorhees was the first to tout the results, which exposed holes in the Journal’s methodology, knowledge of crypto, and other shortcomings.
leader; EOS;	Others in the crypto community have defended both the exchange and its leader, including EOS New York Co-Founder Rick Schlesinger.
protocols; know-your-customer;	ShapeShift has since overhauled its sign-up procedures, adding protocols such as know-your-customer to a model that previously catered to anonymity.
major coins; Tezos;	A majority of the cryptocurrency market recorded sideways movement on March 22, however, few cryptocurrencies did showcase double-digit growth over the past seven days, including major coins such as Tezos [XTZ], Ontology [ONT], Maker [MKR], and Bitcoin Cash [BCH].
financial entities; providers;	payment providers and other financial entities that wish to reduce liquidity
the world; Mercury;	number of banks and financial institutions all over the world including Mercury
technological advancements; automation;	Yang, who founded Venture for America, an organization designed to support entrepreneurs, says he’s a capitalist who wants to prepare the US for the inevitability: automation and other technological advancements wiping away jobs.
NEP-5 tokens; non-standard tokens;	In addition, support will be added for more NEP-5 tokens, including non-standard tokens; withdrawal speeds are claimed to be increased, with the ability to add network fees for priority transactions; and the NEO V3 smart contract will be extensible, meaning that users will not have to withdraw and deposit again for future upgrades of the exchange smart contract.
conditions; the regulations;	Still, those operations won’t be authorized for expansion or moving if they don’t conform with the regulations, and other conditions are set for such instances.
large cap; Bitcoin;	: An exploration of relationships between Bitcoin and other large cap digital assets,” was published on March 20.
crypto-related questions; the value;	In his recent live-stream interview with Laura Shin for the crypto journalist’s Unchained podcast, Ethereum co-founder VitalikButerin has shared his views on the current situation on the crypto markets and answeres a number of other crypto-related questions including the value of Ethereum (ETH), industry’s regulation, future of ICOs and the work of Satoshi Nakamoto.
miscreant behaviors; use;	As opposed to earlier perceptions and conversations surrounding crypto, which hinged upon illicit use and other miscreant behaviors, regulators in today’s context are much more open to digital assets and blockchain projects.
crypto; Zeux;	Zeux and other crypto coins
platforms; the popular CNBC;	Both Tron and Sun appeared on a number of media platforms including the popular CNBC news channel.
exchanges; Binance;	Ever since bursting onto the crypto scene, BitTorrent has enjoyed an incredible run that has seen the BTT token listed on 35 exchanges including Binance, Huobi, and more.
exchanges; Huobi;	Ever since bursting onto the crypto scene, BitTorrent has enjoyed an incredible run that has seen the BTT token listed on 35 exchanges including Binance, Huobi, and more.
network; Multi-signature;	Sun confirmed that a hardfork of Tron would implement institutional friendly features to the Tron network such as Multi-signature and account management capabilities in order to lure in further capital and support from institutional investors:
things; taxes;	China’s Securities Daily publication notes how the two will work on such things as taxes and finances for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), and government integration for innovative solutions for authorities:
things; finances;	China’s Securities Daily publication notes how the two will work on such things as taxes and finances for Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs), and government integration for innovative solutions for authorities:
several others; itBit ’ s;	Its model has been followed by several others, including itBit’s Paxos Standard, the Gemini Dollar, and of course TrueUSD – which many traders view as the most solid of the stablecoins.
BTC; this donation;	According to the artist himself, he has only ever been donated a total of 1.14 BTC, including this donation.
startups; Fetch.AI;	Following the success of Binance Launchpad, the token sale platform that has hosted successful initial exchange offerings for blockchain startups such as Fetch.AI, BitTorrent and Celer Network, cryptocurrency exchange Huobi is developing a similar platform called Huobi Prime.
startups; BitTorrent;	Following the success of Binance Launchpad, the token sale platform that has hosted successful initial exchange offerings for blockchain startups such as Fetch.AI, BitTorrent and Celer Network, cryptocurrency exchange Huobi is developing a similar platform called Huobi Prime.
startups; Celer;	Following the success of Binance Launchpad, the token sale platform that has hosted successful initial exchange offerings for blockchain startups such as Fetch.AI, BitTorrent and Celer Network, cryptocurrency exchange Huobi is developing a similar platform called Huobi Prime.
forms; transactions;	Using the names of “research” and “forum” to promote “ICO” and “IEO” , “STO”, “stable currency”, “integral currency”, “digital currency”, etc., in order to carry out training, project promotion, financing transactions and other forms of online and offline activities.
financial authorities; the People;	The notice also refers to a statement issued by several of the nation’s financial authorities, including the People’s Bank of China, which talked about the financing of token issuance, calling the fundraising mechanisms of cryptocurrencies “illegal public financing.”
investors; Fenbushi;	BlockApps was created from ConsenSys in 2016 and raised more than $3 million in its original funding round, which included investors such as Fenbushi Capital, of which Ethereum creator Vitalik Buterin was a prt of at the time.
factors; external addresses;	BitMEX said that the 2018 crypto bear market accounted for 54 percent of the losses, along with $1.5 billion worth of transfers to external addresses and other factors that brought projects’ holdings down even further.
institutional funding; IPOs;	Going further, Arthur Hayes noted that 2019 could see a lot of capital flowing into the crypto industry especially from high profile IPOs and other institutional funding.
options; bank;	Speaking to FinExtra, the Global Head of Account Payout Network for Western Union, Sobia Rahman, said that the company is continuously expanding and enhancing their account payout portfolio, and providing their customers with multiple payout options including bank accounts, cards or mobile wallets.
options; bank;	“We are continuously expanding and enhancing our account payout portfolio, providing customers with multiple payout options including bank accounts, cards or mobile wallets.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	BitPay and Coinbase previously enabled users to subscribe to partner channels with major cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH).
coins; Bitcoin;	Initially, a slew of coins such as Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum [ETH] and Litecoin [LTC] were accepted.
coins; Bitcoin;	Initially, a slew of coins such as Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum [ETH] and Litecoin [LTC] were accepted.
various Asian countries; Vietnam;	The move comes after KRONN Ventures formed a consortium with financial committees from various Asian countries, including Vietnam, Cambodia, Bangladesh, and Sri Lanka.
various Asian countries; Cambodia;	The move comes after KRONN Ventures formed a consortium with financial committees from various Asian countries, including Vietnam, Cambodia, Bangladesh, and Sri Lanka.
various Asian countries; Bangladesh;	The move comes after KRONN Ventures formed a consortium with financial committees from various Asian countries, including Vietnam, Cambodia, Bangladesh, and Sri Lanka.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	However, it’s hard to argue with the idea that crypto friendly rules and regulations, along with the recognition of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as real money will go a long way for a country’s economic conditions.
economy; the devaluation;	During the meeting, Draper spoke about the potential of emerging technologies such as blockchain and crypto for improving major problems in Argentina's economy, including the devaluation of the Argentine peso (ARS), as well as the associated brain drain.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In addition to Draper’s words above, and as previously reported by IIB, he said in an interview with Forbes that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will be the standard and in 5 years time — only criminals will be using fiat currencies.
cryptos; bitcoin;	The first is to legalize bitcoin, and other cryptos, in the country.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	According to Nexo’s website, the company also offers a credit line on most major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ether, Binance Coin (BNB), XRP, Monero (XMR), among others.
major cryptocurrencies; Ether;	According to Nexo’s website, the company also offers a credit line on most major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ether, Binance Coin (BNB), XRP, Monero (XMR), among others.
major cryptocurrencies; Binance;	According to Nexo’s website, the company also offers a credit line on most major cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ether, Binance Coin (BNB), XRP, Monero (XMR), among others.
heavy similarities; the majority;	I was surprised to stumble upon heavy similarities including the majority having the same profile background picture, recent tweets, and bio language.”
peers; chief rival Ethereum;	Indeed, Sun’s Twitter profile displays 1.01 million followers, which surpasses those amassed by many of his peers, including chief rival Ethereum Creator Vitalik Buterin, who boasts 842,000 followers.
countries; the US;	The bank wrote that they are using XRP for international payments to 19 countries, including the US.
value; frequent flier;	Ripple is built upon a distributed open source protocol, and supports tokens representing fiat currency, cryptocurrency, commodities, or other units of value such as frequent flier miles or mobile minutes.
any single entity; Ripple;	To put it short, Ripple is a company that uses XRP, and XRP is an independent currency built on XRP Ledger that can not be owned by any single entity, including Ripple.
partners; banks;	Ripple partnered with more than 250 partners, including banks and other financial institutions, in order to bring them onto a single network called RippleNet.
bank-oriented protocols; Ripple;	The aim of Ripple, Stellar, and other bank-oriented protocols is to capture some of this business.
bank-oriented protocols; Stellar;	The aim of Ripple, Stellar, and other bank-oriented protocols is to capture some of this business.
investors; the conservative ones;	The concept of stablecoins has been a hit among crypto market investors, especially the conservative ones.
stakeholders; miners;	In an interview with me following the interview, he explained that he doesn’t expect for Ethereum to be ready for Proof of Stake, citing the “constant” conflicts between miners, developers, and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; developers;	In an interview with me following the interview, he explained that he doesn’t expect for Ethereum to be ready for Proof of Stake, citing the “constant” conflicts between miners, developers, and other stakeholders.
select cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	According to an announcement on March 25, Taotao will begin trading select cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum (ETH), with margin trading available with Litecoin (LTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), and Ripple (XRP).
areas; mining;	In South Korea, virtually every leading conglomerate across major industries are committed to crypto, including Samsung, Hyundai, Kakao’s Dunamu, and SK in areas such as mining, trading, and blockchain development.
areas; trading;	In South Korea, virtually every leading conglomerate across major industries are committed to crypto, including Samsung, Hyundai, Kakao’s Dunamu, and SK in areas such as mining, trading, and blockchain development.
cryptos; XRP;	Japan, Taotao will allow users trade Bitcoin and Ethereum, as well as let them enter leveraged positions for such cryptos as XRP, BCH, and LTC.
cryptos; BCH;	Japan, Taotao will allow users trade Bitcoin and Ethereum, as well as let them enter leveraged positions for such cryptos as XRP, BCH, and LTC.
instruments; Bitcoin;	Tightening its grip on crypto regulation, FSA also barred such instruments as Bitcoin futures or Ethereum options to avoid stoke speculation.
popular cryptoassets; Bitcoin;	Although eToro had allowed trading in Bitcoin (via CFDs) as early as 2013, it wasn't until 2017, when it became possible to directly trade and invest in Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and other popular cryptoassets.
popular cryptoassets; Ethereum;	Although eToro had allowed trading in Bitcoin (via CFDs) as early as 2013, it wasn't until 2017, when it became possible to directly trade and invest in Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and other popular cryptoassets.
popular cryptoassets; Litecoin;	Although eToro had allowed trading in Bitcoin (via CFDs) as early as 2013, it wasn't until 2017, when it became possible to directly trade and invest in Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and other popular cryptoassets.
crypto assets; Bitcoin;	The company announced it will offer crypto trading services to users in 32 U.S. states, listing 13 crypto assets including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Stellar (XLM).
the platform; Bitcoin;	Tron joins a group of other curated cryptocurrencies on the platform, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ethereum classic,  XRP, Dash, XLM, NEO, EOS Cardano, IOTA, Binance Coin, and Zcash.
the platform; Ethereum;	Tron joins a group of other curated cryptocurrencies on the platform, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ethereum classic,  XRP, Dash, XLM, NEO, EOS Cardano, IOTA, Binance Coin, and Zcash.
the platform; Litecoin;	Tron joins a group of other curated cryptocurrencies on the platform, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ethereum classic,  XRP, Dash, XLM, NEO, EOS Cardano, IOTA, Binance Coin, and Zcash.
the platform; Ethereum;	Tron joins a group of other curated cryptocurrencies on the platform, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Ethereum classic,  XRP, Dash, XLM, NEO, EOS Cardano, IOTA, Binance Coin, and Zcash.
payment; YandexWallet;	#TRONICS can buy or sell $TRX using fiat on eToro via #Visa, #MasterCard, #Paypal, #UnionPay, #Webmoney, #YandexWallet and other payment platforms.😎 https://t.co/gFzSD20lB3
payment; YandexWallet;	#TRONICS can buy or sell $TRX using fiat on eToro via #Visa, #MasterCard, #Paypal, #UnionPay, #Webmoney, #YandexWallet and other payment platforms.😎 https://t.co/gFzSD20lB3
Some economists; Mohamed;	Some economists, including Mohamed El-Erian, have already dismissed this signal saying that there is a danger in misinterpreting it.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	The firm listed 13 digital assets including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar, and more.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	The firm listed 13 digital assets including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar, and more.
exchanges; Altcoin;	Tron’s TRX together with BitTorrent’s BTT were listed on a number of exchanges including Altcoin Trader, ABCC, and Changehero, according to the weekly report published on March 25.
BNB; close friends;	A Steemit beta user, cool4y, claimed that Binance accumulated a lot of funds from the token sales on the Launchpad, enabling only the founder’s close friends and other BNB whales to buy a majority of the tokens and then sell them at huge profits.
necessary considerations; risks;	Another partner, data management giant Nielsen, will provide a form of a sandbox focusing on regulatory compliance risks and other necessary considerations when setting up a blockchain product for market.
so-called trackers; Facebook;	Moreover, not only the administrators of the visited websites have access to users’ Metamask addresses, but also so-called trackers such as Facebook like or share buttons, Twitter retweet buttons and similar systems that can fingerprint the browser.
platforms; Ethereum;	The Copenhagen-based Firmo startup uses underlying technology that will allow eToro to securely deploy financial contracts while supporting a number of blockchain platforms, including Ethereum, EOS and NEO.
platforms; EOS;	The Copenhagen-based Firmo startup uses underlying technology that will allow eToro to securely deploy financial contracts while supporting a number of blockchain platforms, including Ethereum, EOS and NEO.
platforms; NEO;	The Copenhagen-based Firmo startup uses underlying technology that will allow eToro to securely deploy financial contracts while supporting a number of blockchain platforms, including Ethereum, EOS and NEO.
blockchain-based companies; eToro;	Assia believes tokenization will bring enormous opportunities that will exceed the internet and allow eToro and other blockchain-based companies to dramatically reshape capital markets.
methods; wire;	Once there’s a match, the two parties can then arrange to complete the transaction outside of LocalBitcoins using a long list of methods, including wire transfers and cash deposits directly to a bank account.
many countries; Venezuela;	The P2P platform has fueled Bitcoin adoption in many countries including Venezuela, where there have been record-breaking volumes as the country continues to struggle with hyperinflation.
types; attacks;	“While digital advertising is incredibly powerful and open, it is also prone to abuse by bad actors trying to defraud and deceive users by delivering harmful and misleading ads, with persuasive content and innocent looking URLS that lead to phishing, malware attacks and other types of fraud,” the company claimed.
platforms; Instagram;	In February, reports surfaced about an in-development project dubbed ‘Facebook Coin,’ a token which, sources say, should expand beyond the social network to include platforms such as Instagram and WhatsApp.
platforms; WhatsApp;	In February, reports surfaced about an in-development project dubbed ‘Facebook Coin,’ a token which, sources say, should expand beyond the social network to include platforms such as Instagram and WhatsApp.
platforms; Microsoft;	The platform is well-known as it is operated by Microsoft, which promotes paid advertisements on Microsoft, Yahoo, and other platforms.
platforms; Yahoo;	The platform is well-known as it is operated by Microsoft, which promotes paid advertisements on Microsoft, Yahoo, and other platforms.
types; attacks;	“While digital advertising is incredibly powerful and open, it is also prone to abuse by bad actors trying to defraud and deceive users by delivering harmful and misleading ads, with persuasive content and innocent looking URLS that lead to phishing, malware attacks and other types of fraud.”
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It added that the “overall pseudo-anonymity” in cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC] resulted in it becoming a “prime target” for fraudsters and scammers to “defraud end-users” because of the lack of regulatory clarity on the cryptocurrency space.
platforms; Facebook;	Other centralized platforms such as Facebook and Google have also prohibited cryptocurrency promotional contents.
platforms; Google;	Other centralized platforms such as Facebook and Google have also prohibited cryptocurrency promotional contents.
various topics; the Roadmap;	In this session, the CEO covered various topics such as the Roadmap update, the release of training materials, Cardano’s status as a multi-asset ledger, and EOS centralization.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Terry Duffy also said that cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin will need such a regulatory green light for the industry surrounding digital assets to progress.
non-fiat-backed digital currencies; Bitcoin;	Despite the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Group offering one of the most high-profile crypto trading products currently available in the form of its Bitcoin futures contracts, its CEO and chairman is not so optimistic about the future of Bitcoin and other non-fiat-backed digital currencies.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	For the CME Group CEO, regulators will stand opposed to Bitcoin and other cryptos with non-government-correlated monetary policies in favour of those with monetary policies that they are more familiar with.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Duffy went on to comment that the biggest obstacle to crypto at present was regulators and the thing putting regulators off Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies was their finite total supplies:
institutions; Wall;	Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous creator of the Bitcoin protocol, always expressed an inkling of mistrust and cynicism towards centralized institutions, including Wall Street and the incumbent government.
crypto; Bitcoin;	Over the years, however, the underlying value proposition of Bitcoin and other crypto assets have been misconstrued, especially as ‘get rich quick’ schemes have become a sector mainstay.
ecosystem; the prices;	The crypto data aggregator site has notable influence over the cryptocurrency ecosystem, including the prices of cryptos.
volume; major names;	Notably, Bitwise claims that only 10 cryptocurrency exchanges have ‘actual’ volume, including major names like Binance, Coinbase, Kraken, Gemini and Bittrex.
popular crypto-projects; Litecoin;	The company also presented plans to integrate other popular crypto-projects such as Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and Ether into their service soon.
popular crypto-projects; Bitcoin;	The company also presented plans to integrate other popular crypto-projects such as Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and Ether into their service soon.
statements; “ Send;	The company mentions that AI will be a big part of the service, and users can simply type in such statements as “Send 0.01 BTC to Vera,” which would be a convenient way for non-tech individuals to send and receive crypto.
cryptocurrency; Zcash;	On March 19th, Bitmain announced a new Equihash miner (which can be used to mine cryptocurrency such as Zcash and Aion that use this Proof-of-Work lgorithm)—Antminer Z11—that is apparently three times more powerful than Bitmain’s previous Equihash miner, the Antminer Z9.
cryptocurrency; Aion;	On March 19th, Bitmain announced a new Equihash miner (which can be used to mine cryptocurrency such as Zcash and Aion that use this Proof-of-Work lgorithm)—Antminer Z11—that is apparently three times more powerful than Bitmain’s previous Equihash miner, the Antminer Z9.
technology; Artificial Intelligence;	By then Bitmain had already announced intentions to diversify into Artificial Intelligence and other technology niches.
reasons; staff;	Bitmain Technologies, a Chinese based chip maker of specialized cryptocurrency mining machines, has shelved its plans to list on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange due to a number of reasons including staff lay-offs, a protracted bear market, and management restructuring reported the South China Morning Post on March 26.
mainstream; the company;	According to the company, regulators and other mainstream stakeholders aren’t yet sold to the immense potential of the emerging cryptocurrency industry.
mainstream; regulators;	According to the company, regulators and other mainstream stakeholders aren’t yet sold to the immense potential of the emerging cryptocurrency industry.
smart contract-deploying platform; Ethereum;	No one knows what the June announcement will be about, but it might be big enough to set EOS apart from Tron which Justin Sun has always thought to be superior to every other smart contract-deploying platform including Ethereum from which he started.
the rest; Bitcoin;	On the market, EOS has been doing fairly well, standing out as the only one among the top ten cryptocurrencies to be in the green as at yesterday while the rest including Bitcoin bled.
companies; Visa;	This is probably meant to compete with credit card companies such as Visa and Mastercard which have been in existence for a long time.
companies; Mastercard;	This is probably meant to compete with credit card companies such as Visa and Mastercard which have been in existence for a long time.
companies; Binance;	 First, cards are cards, and companies such as Binance have enabled the purchase of cryptocurrencies with Visa and Master credit cards.
Many new developments; JPM;	Many new developments such as JPM Coin, Stablecoins and SWIFT have also been perceived as threats to Ripple but the payment giant is still waxing stronger.
case; Estonia;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Thailand;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Singapore;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Hong;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
exchanges; Binance;	These coins were then transferred to leading exchanges such as Binance, Bittrex, and Huobi.
exchanges; Bittrex;	These coins were then transferred to leading exchanges such as Binance, Bittrex, and Huobi.
industry; fellow exchanges;	"we earnestly request help from all our fellow exchanges and other industry strength, please help us to investigate and traced the assets, freeze them and stop the assets flows."
case; Estonia;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, HongKong etc.
case; Thailand;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, HongKong etc.
case; Singapore;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, HongKong etc.
case; HongKong;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, HongKong etc.
exchanges; the authorities;	The company has said that it will take full responsibility for the theft of user funds and will continue to collaborate with the authorities and other exchanges until all users are compensated.
inception; Coinbase;	Exchanges that have never been hacked since their inception including Coinbase, Binance, Kraken, Gemini, and others are said to be storing most of their funds in cold storage, which refers to an offline cryptocurrency wallet that cannot be compromised by hackers.
inception; Binance;	Exchanges that have never been hacked since their inception including Coinbase, Binance, Kraken, Gemini, and others are said to be storing most of their funds in cold storage, which refers to an offline cryptocurrency wallet that cannot be compromised by hackers.
inception; Kraken;	Exchanges that have never been hacked since their inception including Coinbase, Binance, Kraken, Gemini, and others are said to be storing most of their funds in cold storage, which refers to an offline cryptocurrency wallet that cannot be compromised by hackers.
inception; Gemini;	Exchanges that have never been hacked since their inception including Coinbase, Binance, Kraken, Gemini, and others are said to be storing most of their funds in cold storage, which refers to an offline cryptocurrency wallet that cannot be compromised by hackers.
assets; Bitcoin;	Earlier this year, QuadrigaCX was revealed to have ‘lost’ access to over $150 million worth of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other assets, as Cryptopia suffered a devastating hack.
assets; Ethereum;	Earlier this year, QuadrigaCX was revealed to have ‘lost’ access to over $150 million worth of Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other assets, as Cryptopia suffered a devastating hack.
operations; deposit;	A tweet from the company claims that it “upgraded the platform wallet… operations such as deposit and withdraw will be affected.”
bad actors; bots;	Thus, some have concluded that this sudden period of maintenance could be the platform’s bid to rectify bots and other bad actors.
case; Estonia;	Several judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Thailand;	Several judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Singapore;	Several judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Hong;	Several judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
industry; fellow exchanges;	We earnestly request help from all our fellow exchanges and other industry strength, please help us to investigate and traced the assets, freeze them and stop the assets flows.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Bessant also claimed to be most skeptical over public blockchains like Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
notable individuals; the economist;	However, the technology has also drawn criticism from notable individuals including the economist Nouriel Roubini.
several industries; cloud;	Others argue that the technology is still in its infancy and needs time to evolve before it can be fully utilized in several industries such as cloud computing, healthcare, and more.
public blockchains; Bitcoin;	Bessant is skeptical of public blockchains such as Bitcoin where anyone can join the network anytime and participate.
financial firms; Mastercard;	BofA has more blockchain patents than financial firms such as Mastercard or PayPal.
financial firms; PayPal;	BofA has more blockchain patents than financial firms such as Mastercard or PayPal.
things; common misconceptions;	Topics ranged across such things as common misconceptions in the crypto world, the importance of the financial sector embracing the technology, and an explanation on why nobody needs to be concerned about this "bear market."
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The topics discussed by the panel covered misconceptions about blockchain, which included the most common assumption that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, along with blockchain, can help an individual make a quick fortune.
data; the cask;	Consumers will be able to view data such as the cask type, and filling and bottling data, which, in addition to allowing customers to guarantee the authenticity of their drink, also protects the liquor from attempts at counterfeiting.
forms; fraud;	These steps help them to prevent fraud and other forms of wrongdoings.
issues; compliance;	This new partnership is a sign of serious changes in Binance’s stance towards such issues as compliance.
crypto exchanges; Coinbase;	Earlier it used to avoid too strict compliance measures though they were widely accepted by other leading crypto exchanges including Coinbase, for example.
related operations; deposit;	During maintenance, it will affect related operations such as deposit and withdraw, trading will not be affected.”
related operations; withdraw;	During maintenance, it will affect related operations such as deposit and withdraw, trading will not be affected.”
case; Estonia;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Thailand;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Singapore;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
case; Hong;	Several Judicial administrations were informed about this cyber crime case including Estonia, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong etc.
related operations; deposit;	During maintenance, it will affect related operations such as deposit and withdraw, trading will not be affected,” the exchange explained.
related operations; withdraw;	During maintenance, it will affect related operations such as deposit and withdraw, trading will not be affected,” the exchange explained.
related operations; deposit;	In order to enhance the user experience, CoinBene upgraded the platform wallet on March 26, 2019.During maintenance, it will affect related operations such as deposit and withdraw, trading will not be affected.
related operations; withdraw;	In order to enhance the user experience, CoinBene upgraded the platform wallet on March 26, 2019.During maintenance, it will affect related operations such as deposit and withdraw, trading will not be affected.
factors; actual real world;	The two components here are Technology, which looks at software capabilities, taking into factors such as "level of anonymity, sophistication of monetary policy, governance capabilities, ability or flexibility to improve code, energy efficiency, scaling solutions, interoperability with other blockchains," and Adoption, which takes into factors such as actual real world performance (e.g.
”; Bitcoin;	There are four digital currencies that received a “B-”, including Bitcoin.
factors; transaction;	Weiss., pointed out how factors such as transaction volume and network capacity are signs of a growing market:
the market; growth;	The analysis also highlighted some emerging trends in the market, including growth in user transactions, technological improvement, improved security and consensus models, and better dapps.
investments; listed stocks;	Weiss Ratings issues grades on 53,000 institutions and investments including listed stocks, mutual funds, ETFs, banks, insurance companies, and cryptocurrencies.
investments; mutual funds;	Weiss Ratings issues grades on 53,000 institutions and investments including listed stocks, mutual funds, ETFs, banks, insurance companies, and cryptocurrencies.
investments; ETFs;	Weiss Ratings issues grades on 53,000 institutions and investments including listed stocks, mutual funds, ETFs, banks, insurance companies, and cryptocurrencies.
investments; banks;	Weiss Ratings issues grades on 53,000 institutions and investments including listed stocks, mutual funds, ETFs, banks, insurance companies, and cryptocurrencies.
investments; insurance;	Weiss Ratings issues grades on 53,000 institutions and investments including listed stocks, mutual funds, ETFs, banks, insurance companies, and cryptocurrencies.
various improvements; the roll-out;	“Bitcoin, formerly a C+, has been upgraded to B-, thanks to various improvements, including the roll-out of its Lighting Network,” the report reads.
coins; Tron;	The good news is that, as soon as the space begins to show signs of sustainable price recovery, risk/reward should improve, potentially leading to upgrades for Tron and other coins with good tech and adoption.
investments; mutual funds;	Those graded were 55,000 institutions and investments, including mutual funds, listed stocks, banks, ETFs, insurance companies and cryptocurrencies.
investments; listed stocks;	Those graded were 55,000 institutions and investments, including mutual funds, listed stocks, banks, ETFs, insurance companies and cryptocurrencies.
investments; banks;	Those graded were 55,000 institutions and investments, including mutual funds, listed stocks, banks, ETFs, insurance companies and cryptocurrencies.
investments; ETFs;	Those graded were 55,000 institutions and investments, including mutual funds, listed stocks, banks, ETFs, insurance companies and cryptocurrencies.
investments; insurance;	Those graded were 55,000 institutions and investments, including mutual funds, listed stocks, banks, ETFs, insurance companies and cryptocurrencies.
components; these exchanges;	This shouldn't lead to a huge difference in analyses of the crypto market, as Messari claims that its "price methodology already accounted for apparent volume discrepancies between these exchanges and other components, but we're now limiting our default volume calculations".
exchanges; Binance;	The Messari “Real 10” will display crypto trading volumes from ten leading exchanges including Binance,  Bitfinex, Bitflyer, Bitstamp, Bittrex, Coinbase Pro, Gemini, itBit, Kraken, and Poloniex.
exchanges; Bitfinex;	The Messari “Real 10” will display crypto trading volumes from ten leading exchanges including Binance,  Bitfinex, Bitflyer, Bitstamp, Bittrex, Coinbase Pro, Gemini, itBit, Kraken, and Poloniex.
exchanges; Bitflyer;	The Messari “Real 10” will display crypto trading volumes from ten leading exchanges including Binance,  Bitfinex, Bitflyer, Bitstamp, Bittrex, Coinbase Pro, Gemini, itBit, Kraken, and Poloniex.
exchanges; Bitstamp;	The Messari “Real 10” will display crypto trading volumes from ten leading exchanges including Binance,  Bitfinex, Bitflyer, Bitstamp, Bittrex, Coinbase Pro, Gemini, itBit, Kraken, and Poloniex.
exchanges; Bittrex;	The Messari “Real 10” will display crypto trading volumes from ten leading exchanges including Binance,  Bitfinex, Bitflyer, Bitstamp, Bittrex, Coinbase Pro, Gemini, itBit, Kraken, and Poloniex.
exchanges; Coinbase;	The Messari “Real 10” will display crypto trading volumes from ten leading exchanges including Binance,  Bitfinex, Bitflyer, Bitstamp, Bittrex, Coinbase Pro, Gemini, itBit, Kraken, and Poloniex.
selfish reasons; projects;	As reported by BTCManager on March 22, 2019, a new report from Bitwise Asset Management revealed that a large chunk of unregulated cryptocurrency exchanges engages in wash trading and crypto data manipulation to attract new users, initial coin offering (ICO) projects, and other selfish reasons.
financial entities; cryptocurrency exchanges;	'It’s hardly news to anyone who follows cyberthreat intelligence that the Lazarus APT group targets financial entities, especially cryptocurrency exchanges.
open-source projects; files;	The scripts, dubbed "macro-weaponized document[s]," look like WordPress files and other open-source projects.
crypto assets; Nuls;	Many tokens and crypto assets including Nuls, Wanchain, Ontology, Crypto.com, OmiseGo, and others have increased by 5 to 15 percent against both bitcoin and the U.S. dollar, demonstrating strong momentum.
crypto assets; Wanchain;	Many tokens and crypto assets including Nuls, Wanchain, Ontology, Crypto.com, OmiseGo, and others have increased by 5 to 15 percent against both bitcoin and the U.S. dollar, demonstrating strong momentum.
crypto assets; Ontology;	Many tokens and crypto assets including Nuls, Wanchain, Ontology, Crypto.com, OmiseGo, and others have increased by 5 to 15 percent against both bitcoin and the U.S. dollar, demonstrating strong momentum.
crypto assets; Crypto.com;	Many tokens and crypto assets including Nuls, Wanchain, Ontology, Crypto.com, OmiseGo, and others have increased by 5 to 15 percent against both bitcoin and the U.S. dollar, demonstrating strong momentum.
crypto assets; OmiseGo;	Many tokens and crypto assets including Nuls, Wanchain, Ontology, Crypto.com, OmiseGo, and others have increased by 5 to 15 percent against both bitcoin and the U.S. dollar, demonstrating strong momentum.
coins; bitcoin;	The top 25 coins, including bitcoin and ethereum, trended in green during the Asian session.
coins; ethereum;	The top 25 coins, including bitcoin and ethereum, trended in green during the Asian session.
top coins; contrast;	In contrast, Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and other top coins managed gains between 2- and 7-percent, barring Cardano’s ADA, which surged up to 10-percent.
top coins; Bitcoin;	In contrast, Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and other top coins managed gains between 2- and 7-percent, barring Cardano’s ADA, which surged up to 10-percent.
top coins; Ethereum;	In contrast, Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and other top coins managed gains between 2- and 7-percent, barring Cardano’s ADA, which surged up to 10-percent.
top coins; XRP;	In contrast, Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, and other top coins managed gains between 2- and 7-percent, barring Cardano’s ADA, which surged up to 10-percent.
related technology; wallets;	“The effort is committed to improving the security of the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem by performing vulnerability research against 3rd party products – like hardware wallets, software wallets, and other related technology – and disclosing identified issues in a way that does not jeopardize the security of the industry or our clients, but rather improve security for our clients and the world once the issues are fixed.”
intermediaries; agencies;	Blockchain can purportedly address these issues, making sufficient information available to everyone within the ecosystem on how publishers verify their traffic, and the processes that ad agencies and other intermediaries follow to ensure that they work with publishers with verified traffic.
exposure; institutional players;	As part of that maturation, we see more and more sophisticated investors and traders from more established financial markets looking to gain exposure, including institutional players.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are routinely used as the preferred method of payment for modern kidnappings.
cryptos; Monero;	However, since Bitcoin uses an entirely public ledger with zero additional privacy-enhancing features found in cryptos such as Monero, the choice of payment method seems a curious one for criminals.
cryptos; the choice;	However, since Bitcoin uses an entirely public ledger with zero additional privacy-enhancing features found in cryptos such as Monero, the choice of payment method seems a curious one for criminals.
digital assets; virtual currency;	Axel Springer says the new trading platform is intended to give users "direct and easy access" to virtual currency and other digital assets.
different currencies; crypto;	To achieve this goal, the new blockchain-powered platform will not just offer customers a place to trade in different currencies, including crypto.
information; ”;	The “affected addresses” and other information related to them is not available on any standard block explorer or on Stellar Expert, a block explorer and analytics platform for the Stellar network.
banks; JPMorgan;	We see the industry warming up with participation from traditional hedge fund managers, banks such as JPMorgan, and technology giants like IBM.
currencies; USD;	This update is now available to the platform’s users in 24 different world’s currencies, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR, and others.
currencies; GBP;	This update is now available to the platform’s users in 24 different world’s currencies, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR, and others.
currencies; CND;	This update is now available to the platform’s users in 24 different world’s currencies, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR, and others.
currencies; CAD;	This update is now available to the platform’s users in 24 different world’s currencies, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR, and others.
currencies; EUR;	This update is now available to the platform’s users in 24 different world’s currencies, including USD, GBP, CND, CAD, EUR, and others.
exchanges; Binance;	The latest fundraising strategy is the Initial exchange offering (IEO) that is being spearheaded by leading exchanges such as Binance, Bittrex and now Huobi.
exchanges; Bittrex;	The latest fundraising strategy is the Initial exchange offering (IEO) that is being spearheaded by leading exchanges such as Binance, Bittrex and now Huobi.
the ICO; the prospectus;	Matthias Woestmann and his Swiss lawyer were responsible for the set-up of the legal framework for the ICO including the prospectus.
e-commerce portals; eBay;	Crypto holders can spend Bitcoin and altcoins on popular brands and retailers such as Nike, REI, GameStop and Petco, and on e-commerce portals such as eBay, Amazon, Hotels.com and Steam.
e-commerce portals; Amazon;	Crypto holders can spend Bitcoin and altcoins on popular brands and retailers such as Nike, REI, GameStop and Petco, and on e-commerce portals such as eBay, Amazon, Hotels.com and Steam.
e-commerce portals; Hotels.com;	Crypto holders can spend Bitcoin and altcoins on popular brands and retailers such as Nike, REI, GameStop and Petco, and on e-commerce portals such as eBay, Amazon, Hotels.com and Steam.
e-commerce portals; Steam;	Crypto holders can spend Bitcoin and altcoins on popular brands and retailers such as Nike, REI, GameStop and Petco, and on e-commerce portals such as eBay, Amazon, Hotels.com and Steam.
altcoins; Bitcoin;	Bitrefill recently launched a feature enabling crypto enthusiasts on its platform to purchase Airbnb and Ikea gift cards using Bitcoin, and other altcoins.
merchants; Netflix;	Bitrefill is a Sweden-based firm that provides crypto gift cards for a number of merchants including Netflix, Hulu, eBay, Amazon and others.
merchants; Hulu;	Bitrefill is a Sweden-based firm that provides crypto gift cards for a number of merchants including Netflix, Hulu, eBay, Amazon and others.
merchants; eBay;	Bitrefill is a Sweden-based firm that provides crypto gift cards for a number of merchants including Netflix, Hulu, eBay, Amazon and others.
merchants; Amazon;	Bitrefill is a Sweden-based firm that provides crypto gift cards for a number of merchants including Netflix, Hulu, eBay, Amazon and others.
merchants; others;	Bitrefill is a Sweden-based firm that provides crypto gift cards for a number of merchants including Netflix, Hulu, eBay, Amazon and others.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Now users are able to purchase Airbnb rentals with five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Dogecoin.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Now users are able to purchase Airbnb rentals with five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Dogecoin.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Now users are able to purchase Airbnb rentals with five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Dogecoin.
cryptocurrencies; Dash;	Now users are able to purchase Airbnb rentals with five cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Dash, and Dogecoin.
e-commerce portals; eBay;	Those who hold cryptos may spend altcoins on other popular brands and retailers such as Nike, REI, GameStop and Petco, and on e-commerce portals such as eBay, Amazon, Hotels.com, and Steam.
e-commerce portals; Amazon;	Those who hold cryptos may spend altcoins on other popular brands and retailers such as Nike, REI, GameStop and Petco, and on e-commerce portals such as eBay, Amazon, Hotels.com, and Steam.
e-commerce portals; Hotels.com;	Those who hold cryptos may spend altcoins on other popular brands and retailers such as Nike, REI, GameStop and Petco, and on e-commerce portals such as eBay, Amazon, Hotels.com, and Steam.
non-security virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	The company is allowed to offer trade routing and order execution services for non-security virtual currencies, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), and Bitcoin Cash (BCH), the statement notes.
investors; Pantera;	Tagomi raised a total of $27.5 million from a number of investors including Pantera Capital, Peter Thiel Founders’ Fund, and BitOoda.
firms; BitGo;	Firms like Tagomi and BitOoda are mitigating the market issues on a daily basis by offering client-focused agency services and acting as regulated entities, while firms such as BitGo and Fidelity are building institutional trust on the custody side.
firms; Fidelity;	Firms like Tagomi and BitOoda are mitigating the market issues on a daily basis by offering client-focused agency services and acting as regulated entities, while firms such as BitGo and Fidelity are building institutional trust on the custody side.
cap; Bitcoin;	With the addition of Cardano, Ledger’s Nano S now supports all of the top 10 cryptocurrencies by market cap, including Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
cap; Ethereum;	With the addition of Cardano, Ledger’s Nano S now supports all of the top 10 cryptocurrencies by market cap, including Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
cap; XRP;	With the addition of Cardano, Ledger’s Nano S now supports all of the top 10 cryptocurrencies by market cap, including Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP.
developments; the Mainnet;	Thanks to this and other developments, including the Mainnet 1.5 release and significant progress towards a proof-of-stake blockchain, the price of Cardano has been reacting well.
Hardware; routers;	Hardware such as routers, Internet of Things devices, IP Cameras and media players were other targets.
Hardware; Internet;	Hardware such as routers, Internet of Things devices, IP Cameras and media players were other targets.
games; Tetris;	As previously reported, in December 2018, Animoca Brands entered into a licensing agreement with Atari — famous for being the developer of iconic video games such as Tetris and Pac Man.
games; Pac;	As previously reported, in December 2018, Animoca Brands entered into a licensing agreement with Atari — famous for being the developer of iconic video games such as Tetris and Pac Man.
developments; NFTs;	During a recent appearance at crypto event Token 2049 in Hong Kong, Ethereum (ETH) co-founder Vitalik Buterin argued that blockchain applications outside of finance still face more difficulty gaining traction and acknowledged that developments such as NFTs and gaming can help broaden the technology’s outreach.
developments; gaming;	During a recent appearance at crypto event Token 2049 in Hong Kong, Ethereum (ETH) co-founder Vitalik Buterin argued that blockchain applications outside of finance still face more difficulty gaining traction and acknowledged that developments such as NFTs and gaming can help broaden the technology’s outreach.
today; Shapeshift;	Second, Simplex "works with some of the largest crypto exchanges, wallets, and platforms in the world today such as Shapeshift, BRD, Litecoin Foundation, Mycrypto, XAPO, and Changelly."
today; BRD;	Second, Simplex "works with some of the largest crypto exchanges, wallets, and platforms in the world today such as Shapeshift, BRD, Litecoin Foundation, Mycrypto, XAPO, and Changelly."
today; Litecoin;	Second, Simplex "works with some of the largest crypto exchanges, wallets, and platforms in the world today such as Shapeshift, BRD, Litecoin Foundation, Mycrypto, XAPO, and Changelly."
companies; the likes;	Gift Cards – spend rewards with over 250,000 companies including the likes of Amazon, Uber, Apple, etc.)
centralized Exchanges; Binance;	A large amount of funds were also moved into centralized Exchanges, including Binance, Huobi and Bittrex.
centralized Exchanges; Huobi;	A large amount of funds were also moved into centralized Exchanges, including Binance, Huobi and Bittrex.
centralized Exchanges; Bittrex;	A large amount of funds were also moved into centralized Exchanges, including Binance, Huobi and Bittrex.
centralized Exchanges; Binance;	A large amount of funds were also moved into centralized Exchanges, including Binance, Huobi and Bittrex.
centralized Exchanges; Huobi;	A large amount of funds were also moved into centralized Exchanges, including Binance, Huobi and Bittrex.
centralized Exchanges; Bittrex;	A large amount of funds were also moved into centralized Exchanges, including Binance, Huobi and Bittrex.
rival platforms; EOS;	There are more than 200-250 dApps that are currently performing much better than rival platforms including EOS and Ethereum.
rival platforms; Ethereum;	There are more than 200-250 dApps that are currently performing much better than rival platforms including EOS and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Since then, a number of merchants have pulled their support of accepting cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin or Ethereum as a method of payment.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Since then, a number of merchants have pulled their support of accepting cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin or Ethereum as a method of payment.
payment; Bitcoin;	But in Switzerland, the country’s biggest online retailer, Digitec Galaxus AG, which generates just under a billion dollars in revenue each year, has opted this month to begin accepting cryptocurrencies as a means of payment, including Bitcoin.
markets; systems;	The partners at ByteSize have developed a set of tools for navigating the crypto markets, including systems for data ingestion and quantitative backtesting.
offerings; IBM-powered We.trade;	Marco Polo has been slower to market than its major competitors, with offerings such as IBM-powered We.trade making their commercial debut last year.
Russian business; Potanin;	While Potanin and other Russian business moguls are bitcoin enthusiasts who are eager to promote cryptocurrency adoption in Russia, others aren’t so convinced.
various industries; dentistry;	Palladium has a variety of uses in various industries including dentistry, electronics, jewelry, catalytics and photography.
various industries; electronics;	Palladium has a variety of uses in various industries including dentistry, electronics, jewelry, catalytics and photography.
various industries; jewelry;	Palladium has a variety of uses in various industries including dentistry, electronics, jewelry, catalytics and photography.
various industries; catalytics;	Palladium has a variety of uses in various industries including dentistry, electronics, jewelry, catalytics and photography.
various industries; photography;	Palladium has a variety of uses in various industries including dentistry, electronics, jewelry, catalytics and photography.
several digital platforms; the one;	The Russian business tycoon plans to launch several digital platforms, including the one that facilitates palladium-backed crypto trading.
blockchains; Bitcoin;	As of March 12th, when XRP support was added, Trust Wallet supported 17 blockchains, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic, TRON, Wanchain, VeChain, Dash, ICON, and EOS, as well as any 20,000+ ERC20-compatible, ERC223-compatible, or ERC721-compatible Ethereum tokens (such as Basic Atttention Token or Augur).
blockchains; Bitcoin;	As of March 12th, when XRP support was added, Trust Wallet supported 17 blockchains, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, XRP, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic, TRON, Wanchain, VeChain, Dash, ICON, and EOS, as well as any 20,000+ ERC20-compatible, ERC223-compatible, or ERC721-compatible Ethereum tokens (such as Basic Atttention Token or Augur).
institutional investors; banks;	At that time it was said that the main target audience of the product would be institutional investors including banks and hedge funds.
institutional investors; hedge;	At that time it was said that the main target audience of the product would be institutional investors including banks and hedge funds.
institutional investors; private equity;	The company that provides services to private equity, real estate, funds, and other institutional investors is now offering to issue asset-backed security tokens for its clients.
institutional investors; real estate;	The company that provides services to private equity, real estate, funds, and other institutional investors is now offering to issue asset-backed security tokens for its clients.
institutional investors; funds;	The company that provides services to private equity, real estate, funds, and other institutional investors is now offering to issue asset-backed security tokens for its clients.
institutional clients; token lending;	The company is now evaluating several potential services designed for institutional clients, including token lending and over-the-counter trading.
institutional clients; over-the-counter trading;	The company is now evaluating several potential services designed for institutional clients, including token lending and over-the-counter trading.
multiple giveaways; an airdrop;	Earlier this month, Sun announced the launch of a series of multiple giveaways, including an airdrop of $20 million in cash, and a Tesla, something which garnered widespread attention and hype.
time; the Bank;	'Until such time as the Bank of Ghana gains a firm grip on crypto, the country will not be safe using these transactions', he said.
biometric authentication; fingerprints;	In addition to the bank account number, we also have a remittance function that uses a mobile phone number or QR code (* 2, 3) to specify the remittance destination, and by combining this with biometric authentication such as fingerprints, the user experience (UX ) and security.
biometric authentication; the user;	In addition to the bank account number, we also have a remittance function that uses a mobile phone number or QR code (* 2, 3) to specify the remittance destination, and by combining this with biometric authentication such as fingerprints, the user experience (UX ) and security.
features; fingerprint;	The app will also include security features such as fingerprint biometrics.
biometric authentication; fingerprints;	In addition to the bank account number, we also have a remittance function that uses a mobile phone number or QR code (* 2, 3) to specify the remittance destination, and by combining this with biometric authentication such as fingerprints, the user experience (UX ) and security.”
biometric authentication; the user;	In addition to the bank account number, we also have a remittance function that uses a mobile phone number or QR code (* 2, 3) to specify the remittance destination, and by combining this with biometric authentication such as fingerprints, the user experience (UX ) and security.”
data; accounts;	“XRBP allows the developer to read and write data to/from the XRP network in real time, synchronizing ledger data including accounts, transactions, objects, and more.
data; transactions;	“XRBP allows the developer to read and write data to/from the XRP network in real time, synchronizing ledger data including accounts, transactions, objects, and more.
data; objects;	“XRBP allows the developer to read and write data to/from the XRP network in real time, synchronizing ledger data including accounts, transactions, objects, and more.
cryptocurrencies; stablecoins;	JR East could start accepting cryptocurrencies, including stablecoins, to pay for their train journeys.
various currencies; the euro;	The platform has also paired the same six coins with various currencies including the euro, British pound and Swiss franc.
various currencies; British pound;	The platform has also paired the same six coins with various currencies including the euro, British pound and Swiss franc.
various currencies; Swiss franc;	The platform has also paired the same six coins with various currencies including the euro, British pound and Swiss franc.
risk; license;	According to the report, Coinfirm evaluated the exchanges into seven categories of risk, including license and authorization, Customer Due Diligence and Know Your Customer compliance, Anti-Money Laundering compliance, sanctions, senior public figures, jurisdiction, and negative and adverse media.
risk; authorization;	According to the report, Coinfirm evaluated the exchanges into seven categories of risk, including license and authorization, Customer Due Diligence and Know Your Customer compliance, Anti-Money Laundering compliance, sanctions, senior public figures, jurisdiction, and negative and adverse media.
body; Jersey;	'For all of our regulated/licensed businesses, the standard followed is the model which is approved by the regulating body, including Jersey, Uganda, Malta and Singapore', he told Coindesk.
body; Uganda;	'For all of our regulated/licensed businesses, the standard followed is the model which is approved by the regulating body, including Jersey, Uganda, Malta and Singapore', he told Coindesk.
body; Malta;	'For all of our regulated/licensed businesses, the standard followed is the model which is approved by the regulating body, including Jersey, Uganda, Malta and Singapore', he told Coindesk.
body; Singapore;	'For all of our regulated/licensed businesses, the standard followed is the model which is approved by the regulating body, including Jersey, Uganda, Malta and Singapore', he told Coindesk.
apps; PayPal;	It can even affect/impersonate apps such as PayPal, Western Union, eBay, and WhatsApp.
apps; Western;	It can even affect/impersonate apps such as PayPal, Western Union, eBay, and WhatsApp.
banks; JPMorgan;	A new strain of Trojan malware for Android phones is targeting global users of top crypto apps such as Coinbase, BitPay and Bitcoin Wallet, as well as banks including JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America.
banks; Wells;	A new strain of Trojan malware for Android phones is targeting global users of top crypto apps such as Coinbase, BitPay and Bitcoin Wallet, as well as banks including JPMorgan, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America.
services; PayPal;	The malware also targets payment systems and messenger services such as PayPal, Revolut, Western Union, eBay, Walmart, Skype and WhatsApp.
services; Revolut;	The malware also targets payment systems and messenger services such as PayPal, Revolut, Western Union, eBay, Walmart, Skype and WhatsApp.
services; Western;	The malware also targets payment systems and messenger services such as PayPal, Revolut, Western Union, eBay, Walmart, Skype and WhatsApp.
big institutional investors; funds;	The service is aimed at institutional hedge funds and other big institutional investors who are willing to invest n the crypto space in huge sums.
networks; Tezos;	Through its offline storage service, investors will be able to participate in networks such as Tezos using Coinbase as a regulated intermediary.
crypto-enthusiasts; the crypto-community;	According to Coin Crunch India, the matter was over within minutes of the hearing, which came as a shocker because the crypto-community and other crypto-enthusiasts were waiting patiently for the hearing.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	The initiative may reportedly extend support to other cryptocurrencies including Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), and Ripple (XRP) at a later date.
partners; exchange;	“Federal Bank is an important part of the remittance eco-system to India, so, it is only natural for us to offer the latest technology to our customers and remittance partners such as exchange houses and banks.”
Stablecoins; USDT;	Stablecoins such as USDT can prove to be rather interesting in that regard.
top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It makes for a different kind of asset, albeit one that can still be exchanged for Bitcoin and other top cryptocurrencies across most exchanges.
oil-related industrial machinery; derricks;	On the oil field, large shipping containers sit side-by-side with oil derricks and other oil-related industrial machinery, forming a symbiotic relationship in which the natural gas that results from the mining operation is directed into a electricity generator that powers a decent sized Bitcoin mining operation.
security; Agency;	Bithumb is working with the Korean Internet and Security Agency (KISA), the Cyber Police Agency, and other security companies to track down the perpetrators and fix the breach that allowed the exchange to be hacked in the first place.
virtual currencies; crypto;	In April 2018, the RBI ruled that entities regulated by the country's central bank could no longer provide services to any individuals or businesses dealing with virtual currencies, including crypto exchanges.
major companies; Telegram;	Other major companies, including Telegram and Signal, have also forayed into the crypto industry, with Telegram making headlines throughout the past year regarding the messaging platform’s highly coveted and publicized Initial Coin Offering (ICO).
major companies; Signal;	Other major companies, including Telegram and Signal, have also forayed into the crypto industry, with Telegram making headlines throughout the past year regarding the messaging platform’s highly coveted and publicized Initial Coin Offering (ICO).
companies; Internet;	Loeffler further stated that “We are charting a new course” that “requires significant work.” She adds that she wants to reorganize the members, with Tom Noonan - a cyber expert and founder of numerous cybersecurity companies, including Internet Security Systems (IBM), JouleX (Cisco) and Endgame - chairing the board.
all stakeholders; users;	Weiss explained that the Weiss rating system for cryptocurrencies wasn’t created solely for investors, but for all stakeholders, including users, sponsors, developers, miners and token issuers.
all stakeholders; sponsors;	Weiss explained that the Weiss rating system for cryptocurrencies wasn’t created solely for investors, but for all stakeholders, including users, sponsors, developers, miners and token issuers.
all stakeholders; developers;	Weiss explained that the Weiss rating system for cryptocurrencies wasn’t created solely for investors, but for all stakeholders, including users, sponsors, developers, miners and token issuers.
all stakeholders; miners;	Weiss explained that the Weiss rating system for cryptocurrencies wasn’t created solely for investors, but for all stakeholders, including users, sponsors, developers, miners and token issuers.
all stakeholders; token issuers;	Weiss explained that the Weiss rating system for cryptocurrencies wasn’t created solely for investors, but for all stakeholders, including users, sponsors, developers, miners and token issuers.
major cryptocurrencies; cash;	After swing moves, there were decent upsides in DASH, ripple, Ethereum, bitcoin cash, litecoin and other major cryptocurrencies against the US Dollar.
major cryptocurrencies; litecoin;	After swing moves, there were decent upsides in DASH, ripple, Ethereum, bitcoin cash, litecoin and other major cryptocurrencies against the US Dollar.
the crypto; Long;	The new version brings a host of new features to the crypto, including Long Living Masternode Quarums (LLMQs) that increase its scalability via improved consensus, LLMQ-based ChainLocks that improve the network’s security, and LLMQ-based InstantSend, which increases the scalability of InstantSend on the Dash network.
crimes; money;	The country has been taking measures to reduce the perceived levels of crimes, including money laundering and terrorist financing, and now, would be introducing a licensing scheme for electronic money institutions.
financial services; banks;	Pakistan had previously taken a hard stance against cryptocurrencies, with the country’s central bank warning banks and other financial services providers against offering services that supported virtual currency transactions.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	As first reported by local news sources, Pakistan, a country with a population of about 200 million and a GDP of around $270 billion, is set to develop regulations for digital assets including Bitcoin (BTC).
data; government;	This includes responsibly managing sensitive user data such as government issued IDs, telephone numbers, personal addresses, and user funds.
digital assets; cryptocurrency;	The government of Pakistan will soon release draft regulations for financial institutions that wish to provide services related to cryptocurrency and other digital assets, according to local English-language news outlet The Express Tribune.
illegal schemes; organizations;	According to The Express Tribune, the Pakistani government will develop these regulations based on recommendations from the Financial Action Task Force, which warned the Pakistani government that cryptocurrency could be used to finance terror organizations and other illegal schemes.
public figures; Armstrong;	Moreover, while public figures such as Armstrong grow in influence, so does their power to affect reactions from others, often to their personal detriment.
mutiple offences; money;	Hobbs also has a criminal record in Canada for mutiple offences including money laundering, growing and trafficking in Marijuana and being in possession of ciminally obtained property.
the misappropriated funds; real estate;	Following the allegation, the court document listed objects of property that were allegedly purchased with the misappropriated funds, including real estate and vehicles, as well as noted that a part of the funds was used by Hobbs to engage in gambling activities.
the misappropriated funds; vehicles;	Following the allegation, the court document listed objects of property that were allegedly purchased with the misappropriated funds, including real estate and vehicles, as well as noted that a part of the funds was used by Hobbs to engage in gambling activities.
criminal history; money;	The document also mentioned some of Hobbs’ criminal history, including money laundering and marijuana trafficking.
a few others; Basic Attention;	She added: “Therefore, cryptocurrency will be limited to Bitcoin and its forks, Ether a few others such as Basic Attention Token (BAT).
any asset; digital currencies;	Going by the traditional trading avenues offered by cryptocurrency exchanges will make a terrible choice in this case because dumping a substantial amount of any asset, including digital currencies, at once is bound to negatively affect its market value.
market; the buyer;	This, again, will affect the broader market including the buyer themselves.
current iteration; “ low liquidity;	A recent report released by Binance Research, commissioned by the Binance cryptocurrency exchange, calls it a “design flaw attack” and further considers other issues that it thinks Augur faces in its current iteration, including “low liquidity and participation rates, bare-bones usability functions, and complex voting, settlement, and forking mechanisms.”
current iteration; participation;	A recent report released by Binance Research, commissioned by the Binance cryptocurrency exchange, calls it a “design flaw attack” and further considers other issues that it thinks Augur faces in its current iteration, including “low liquidity and participation rates, bare-bones usability functions, and complex voting, settlement, and forking mechanisms.”
public figures; United;	In July 2018, it came to light that so-called “assassination markets” were traded on the network, where users bet on the deaths of public figures, including United States President Donald Trump and the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, Warren Buffett.
topics; assassinations;	Aside from potentially-illegal markets, covering topics such as assassinations and terror attacks, there are some key fundamental issues.
topics; terror;	Aside from potentially-illegal markets, covering topics such as assassinations and terror attacks, there are some key fundamental issues.
”; support;	Additionally, several ERC-20 compliant and EOS-based tokens were listed on Bancor’s network - along with “major integrations of Bancor protocol” such as support for the EOS Resource Exchange (REX) and the Samsung S10 smartphone.
FinTech; AI;	SBI Savings Bank ranks No.1 in Korea in terms of assets, reaching 6 trillion dollars (USD) in September 2018, and has been developing diverse services that incorporate IT and FinTech, including AI and blockchain, to prepare a new growth strategy in response to a rapidly changing financial environment since 2016.
FinTech; blockchain;	SBI Savings Bank ranks No.1 in Korea in terms of assets, reaching 6 trillion dollars (USD) in September 2018, and has been developing diverse services that incorporate IT and FinTech, including AI and blockchain, to prepare a new growth strategy in response to a rapidly changing financial environment since 2016.
many critics; Jamie;	When it happened, many critics, including Jamie Dimon, the JP Morgan
digital assets; cryptocurrencies;	MyCrypto asserts that its new wallet "is the easiest and safest mechanism [for users] to securely store" cryptocurrencies and other digital assets.
basic human subtleties; humor;	However, perhaps affected by trading bot activity, given that most bots have trouble when trying to grasp even the most basic human subtleties such as humor, DOGE prices have been spiking over the last few hours, taking off from the $250 million range up to almost reaching for $300 million, for total intra-day peaks of about 20%.
basic human subtleties; DOGE;	However, perhaps affected by trading bot activity, given that most bots have trouble when trying to grasp even the most basic human subtleties such as humor, DOGE prices have been spiking over the last few hours, taking off from the $250 million range up to almost reaching for $300 million, for total intra-day peaks of about 20%.
leadership; Da;	Speakers included NEO leadership such as Da Hongfei, Erik Zhang, and Johnson Zhao.
a fault; a network;	Further, new regeneration strategies were designed to allow a consensus node to automatically recover the latest consensus state following a fault such as a network outage or hardware issue.
ways; regional events;	Examples of contributions may include document translation, original content creation, hosting local meetups or regional events, and other ways participants may bring value to the ecosystem.
terrorist organizations; Al;	However, according to a RAND report, terrorist organizations such as Al Qaeda, ISIS and Hezbollah may soon be on the precipice of taking advantage of the same.
coins; Zcash;	On the other hand, while coins such as Zcash satisfy the condition of anonymity by offering a higher degree of privacy and allowing digital currencies to be moved offline, it does not satisfy the conditions of acceptance as it doesn’t have a user base as huge as Bitcoin.
actions; de-anonymization;	These include infighting within the crypto community and stronger law enforcement actions such as de-anonymization of crypto transactions, among others.
reasons; the liquidity;	Cash is still king for terrorists, for a variety of reasons, including the liquidity barriers that regulation and legalization of cryptocurrencies are presenting.
weapons; firearms;	There’s no system, for instance, which allows you to anonymously pay for propaganda, buy firearms and other weapons, purchase property, and so forth, without at some point entering the regular economy.
Coinbase; a service;	March saw several new developments at Coinbase, including a service linking user accounts on its main platform to its Coinbase Wallet app, and a new market structure for the exchange’s professional trading platform, Coinbase Pro, which aims to increase liquidity, enhance price discovery and ensure smoother price movements.
infrastructure; fiat off-ramps;	Moreover, he explains that the addition of Bitcoin is only logical, as it does have the largest network effect and the most amount of infrastructure, especially fiat off-ramps.
any supported country; India;	According to an announcement on the Coinbase website, you can send "money" via XRP and USD Coin (USDC) instantly and free of charge to any other Coinbase user "in any supported country, including India, Mexico, and the Philippines."
any supported country; Mexico;	According to an announcement on the Coinbase website, you can send "money" via XRP and USD Coin (USDC) instantly and free of charge to any other Coinbase user "in any supported country, including India, Mexico, and the Philippines."
various countries; the USA;	Listed during four different stages, the XRP/fiat pairs are now available across various countries, including the USA (except NY), the UK, supported European Union member nations, Canada, Singapore, and Australia.
several important developments; a service;	Last month, Coinbase has made several important developments, including a service linking user accounts on its main platform to its Coinbase Wallet app.
supported countries; India;	The service is available to Coinbase users in supported countries including India, Mexico, and the Philippines.
supported countries; Mexico;	The service is available to Coinbase users in supported countries including India, Mexico, and the Philippines.
cross-border transactions; overseas trading;	As CCN reported, USDC is pegged to the U.S. dollar and enables individuals and institutions to tokenize physical currency for use in overseas trading and other cross-border transactions that require rapid settlement.
top cryptos; Bitcoin;	Investors could hold their value on exchange in Tether without having to worry over the massive fluctuations in price that typically affect Bitcoin and other top cryptos.
crypto-exchanges; ChangeNOW;	Immediately after Bithumb intimated ChangeNOW and other crypto-exchanges about the hack, the Belize-based exchange temporarily disabled EOS and XRP deposits, while also blacklisting the list of malicious addresses.
different exchanges; EXMO;	After the hack, Primitive Ventures’ Dovey Wan and Blockchain Explorer revealed that the hacker sent much of the stolen EOS to different exchanges, including EXMO, Huobi, KuCoin, CoinSwitch, and ChangeNOW.
different exchanges; Huobi;	After the hack, Primitive Ventures’ Dovey Wan and Blockchain Explorer revealed that the hacker sent much of the stolen EOS to different exchanges, including EXMO, Huobi, KuCoin, CoinSwitch, and ChangeNOW.
different exchanges; KuCoin;	After the hack, Primitive Ventures’ Dovey Wan and Blockchain Explorer revealed that the hacker sent much of the stolen EOS to different exchanges, including EXMO, Huobi, KuCoin, CoinSwitch, and ChangeNOW.
different exchanges; CoinSwitch;	After the hack, Primitive Ventures’ Dovey Wan and Blockchain Explorer revealed that the hacker sent much of the stolen EOS to different exchanges, including EXMO, Huobi, KuCoin, CoinSwitch, and ChangeNOW.
assets; Litecoin;	Moreover, it is known that SIX is going to list ETP linked to other digital assets and Amun AG has also received approval to issue ETP linked to such assets as Litecoin (LTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), EOS, and Stellar (XLM).
a tool; ETPs;	Even those investors who have been working with stocks but preferred not to enter the crypto world now will have an opportunity to do it using such a tool as ETPs.
players; Coinbase;	IDG has previously invested in other major crypto industry players such as Coinbase, Ripple, Kakao’s crypto unit and Bitmain itself.
players; Ripple;	IDG has previously invested in other major crypto industry players such as Coinbase, Ripple, Kakao’s crypto unit and Bitmain itself.
players; Kakao;	IDG has previously invested in other major crypto industry players such as Coinbase, Ripple, Kakao’s crypto unit and Bitmain itself.
the section; stablecoins;	Though all altcoins in the section, including stablecoins, are being pulled up as Bitcoin heads north.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
space; IOTA;	The association has several other notable players in the cryptocurrency space, including IOTA, Cardano, Lisk, ConsenSys, Ledger and R3; and some outside, like rival payments system SWIFT, consulting firm Accenture and British bank Barclays.
space; Cardano;	The association has several other notable players in the cryptocurrency space, including IOTA, Cardano, Lisk, ConsenSys, Ledger and R3; and some outside, like rival payments system SWIFT, consulting firm Accenture and British bank Barclays.
space; Lisk;	The association has several other notable players in the cryptocurrency space, including IOTA, Cardano, Lisk, ConsenSys, Ledger and R3; and some outside, like rival payments system SWIFT, consulting firm Accenture and British bank Barclays.
space; ConsenSys;	The association has several other notable players in the cryptocurrency space, including IOTA, Cardano, Lisk, ConsenSys, Ledger and R3; and some outside, like rival payments system SWIFT, consulting firm Accenture and British bank Barclays.
space; Ledger;	The association has several other notable players in the cryptocurrency space, including IOTA, Cardano, Lisk, ConsenSys, Ledger and R3; and some outside, like rival payments system SWIFT, consulting firm Accenture and British bank Barclays.
space; R3;	The association has several other notable players in the cryptocurrency space, including IOTA, Cardano, Lisk, ConsenSys, Ledger and R3; and some outside, like rival payments system SWIFT, consulting firm Accenture and British bank Barclays.
prominent companies; Deutsche;	More than 100 members of the European Commission were invited to sign it among them were the representatives of such prominent companies as Deutsche Telekom, Accenture, IBM, and Swift.
governments; the European Commission;	“The strength and size of this association, as well as the support of the European Commission and other governments, only further shows the future limitless potential for distributed ledger technologies.”
people; people;	Based on this, Zhao may have predicted that a lot of people, especially people who aren’t currently in the market, would want to buy into a few positions for the fear that they would potentially miss out on a great investment opportunity.
the major coins; Ethereum;	Against Bitcoin, we can see drops of more than 10% in value in the major coins such as Ethereum and Ripple price.
the major coins; Ripple;	Against Bitcoin, we can see drops of more than 10% in value in the major coins such as Ethereum and Ripple price.
data; DataLight;	This is not coming as a surprise though because it has been indicated by data from DataLight and other data firms that Bitcoin has been building its stamina underground and a break out is to be expected, it was just not clear how soon.
benefits; the fact;	General partner Katie Huan (who co-leads its crypto-specific fund) said that the shift also brings a number of benefits, including the fact that partners in the firm can collaborate on deals.
startups; Labs;	To date, it has backed crypto exchange Coinbase, stablecoin developer TrustToken, cloud computing platform Oasis Labs and other startups.
desks; Alameda;	The company said its new TrueGBP token is now available for trading on over-the-counter (OTC) desks, including Alameda Research, Bluefire Capital, Galois Capital and QCP Capital.
companies; Bitpesa;	Like companies such as Bitpesa, Celo is also looking towards the cross-border remittance market as a way of providing greater financial inclusion for unbanked people.
companies; Celo;	Like companies such as Bitpesa, Celo is also looking towards the cross-border remittance market as a way of providing greater financial inclusion for unbanked people.
tokens; alongside Bitcoin;	XRP has been improving alongside Bitcoin and other tokens and is currently valued at over 15.2 billion dollars.
the public interest; Kim;	With over 100,000 searches recorded on April 2nd, Bitcoin has surpassed particularly trending terms which traditionally dominate the public interest such as Kim Kardashian and Taylor Swift.
cryptos; BTC;	This, presumably, as mainstream news outlets often only cover BTC and other cryptos when prices move significantly.
many nations; the United;	While many nations such as the United States have passed very crypto-positive laws and Venezuela has its own national cryptocurrency, Malta has earned the title of ‘blockchain island’ for a reason.
community; several prominent media;	The crypto community, including several prominent media houses, fell for an April Fools’ Day prank after reports surfaced that the Swiss publishing house, Netzmedian, was paying its employees in Bitcoins instead of fiat.
brands; Casarte;	Haier, the world’s largest home appliances manufacturer, owns some of the industry’s biggest brands including Casarte, GE Appliances, Fisher & Paykel, AQUA, and Candy.
brands; GE;	Haier, the world’s largest home appliances manufacturer, owns some of the industry’s biggest brands including Casarte, GE Appliances, Fisher & Paykel, AQUA, and Candy.
the blockchain; business;	DNV GL will assist in verifying data stored on the blockchain, including business models, process controls and technical interfaces.
crypto; funds;	While the 2017 crypto rally was fueled by individual investors, it was reportedly small hedge funds and other crypto firms that triggered the selling in last year’s bear market.
companies; PayPal;	“We made an investment in Cambridge Blockchain because it is applying blockchain for digital identity in a way that we believe could benefit financial services companies including PayPal.”
major players; Microsoft;	Cambridge Blockchain has notably joined major players such as Microsoft, IBM, Mastercard, and Accenture to collaborate under the canopy of a non-profit organization dubbed the Decentralized Identity Foundation.
major players; IBM;	Cambridge Blockchain has notably joined major players such as Microsoft, IBM, Mastercard, and Accenture to collaborate under the canopy of a non-profit organization dubbed the Decentralized Identity Foundation.
major players; Mastercard;	Cambridge Blockchain has notably joined major players such as Microsoft, IBM, Mastercard, and Accenture to collaborate under the canopy of a non-profit organization dubbed the Decentralized Identity Foundation.
companies; PayPal;	“We made an investment in Cambridge Blockchain because it is applying blockchain for digital identity in a way that we believe could benefit financial services companies including PayPal.
European regulations; GDPR;	As CoinDesk reported, the firm has also experience with European regulations, including GDPR and PSD2.
European regulations; PSD2;	As CoinDesk reported, the firm has also experience with European regulations, including GDPR and PSD2.
companies; PayPal;	We made an investment in Cambridge Blockchain because it is applying blockchain for digital identity in a way that we believe could benefit financial services companies including PayPal.
investors; Omidyar;	Accordingly, the funding is an extension of Cambridge Blockchain’s Series A investment round which has started in May 2018, attracting several high profile investors including Omidyar Network,  HCM Capital, VC arm of Foxconn,  the firm that manufactures the iPhone for Apple, Future/Perfect Ventures and others.
the space; Dogecoin;	Following his victory this April Fool’s stunt, which caught the attention of several notable entities in the space, including Dogecoin creator Jackson Palmer, Musk changed his bio and posted a few tweets about the coin.
Some well-known analysts; eToro ’;	Some well-known analysts such as eToro’s Mati Greenspan have stated that Alt Season has made its way into the markets and the rise in the price of several tokens seems to be a strong indication that this is indeed the case.
assets; crypto;	QuadrigaCX says it lost access to $195 million in crypto and other assets after 30-year old Cotton died suddenly at year-end 2018, leaving 115,000 customers holding the bag.
directors; a chief restructuring;	A trustee, which would be EY, would handle governance issues, which would remove layers of other officials and directors, including a chief restructuring officer.
services; BlockFi;	High profile exchange hacks highlight the danger to those choosing to store their crypto with large centralised services such as BlockFi.
the globe; Ledgerx;	There are similar programs around the globe such as Ledgerx’s Ledgersavings program which currently offers an annualized implied rate of around 16% on BTC.
companies; certain Lloyd;	Coinbase's hot wallet policy has "a $255 million limit placed by Lloyd’s registered broker Aon" and is "sourced from a global group of US and UK insurance companies, including certain Lloyd’s of London syndicates."
companies; certain Lloyd;	“We currently hold a hot wallet policy with a $255 million limit placed by Lloyd’s registered broker Aon and sourced from a global group of US and UK insurance companies, including certain Lloyd’s of London syndicates.
companies; certain Lloyd;	“We currently hold a hot wallet policy with a $255 million limit placed by Lloyd’s registered broker Aon and sourced from a global group of US and UK insurance companies, including certain Lloyd’s of London syndicates.”
exchanges; DragonEx;	The recent hack of exchanges such as DragonEx and Cryptoia led to the loss of millions of dollars of customers’ crypto holdings.
exchanges; Cryptoia;	The recent hack of exchanges such as DragonEx and Cryptoia led to the loss of millions of dollars of customers’ crypto holdings.
wallets; the Trezor;	On top of this, a number of vulnerabilities have been exposed in wallets such as the Trezor wallet which means that user funds still have a chance of going missing.
companies; certain Lloyd;	“[A] hot wallet policy with a $255 million limit placed by Lloyd’s registered broker Aon and sourced from a global group of US and UK insurance companies, including certain Lloyd’s of London syndicates,” the post states.
several investors; Digital;	In a bid to expand its distributed ledger technology (DLT) powered MLB Champions and Crypto Space Commander games and make them available on traditional platforms, Lucid Sight, the developer of innovative games for blockchain technologies, has raised $6 million from several investors, including Digital Currency Group, Galaxy EOS VC Fund and others, reports VentureBeat on April 2, 2019.
games; MLB;	“Our new capital will enable us to bring games such as MLB Champions and CSC to the public, while also maintaining the benefits of digital scarcity provided by blockchain technology.
developers; Iridium;	Reportedly, Lucid Sight will use the new funds to launch its Scarcity Engine 1.0 in collaboration with third-party game developers such as Iridium Studios.
funds; Digital;	Leading investment bank and wealth management firm Salem Partners participated in the new funding round, as well as crypto and blockchain venture capital funds such as Digital Currency Group and the Galaxy EOS VC Fund.
platforms; consoles;	According to the report, the company will use the investment to launch Scarcity Engine, a software developer tool that is designed to introduce Lucid Sight’s blockchain-powered games on gaming platforms such as consoles, PCs and mobile devices.
platforms; PCs;	According to the report, the company will use the investment to launch Scarcity Engine, a software developer tool that is designed to introduce Lucid Sight’s blockchain-powered games on gaming platforms such as consoles, PCs and mobile devices.
platforms; mobile devices;	According to the report, the company will use the investment to launch Scarcity Engine, a software developer tool that is designed to introduce Lucid Sight’s blockchain-powered games on gaming platforms such as consoles, PCs and mobile devices.
a similar ilk; CNBC;	Those of a similar ilk such as CNBC’s Jim Cramer called Bitcoin monopoly money back in 2017.
a decentralized exchange; Agora.Trade;	As today’s post notes, their approach — using a decentralized exchange such as Agora.Trade as a vital component — focuses on crypto-fiat value transfers that do not rely on a single, centralized intermediary (such as a centralized crypto exchange or payment processor), and eliminate the need to entrust crypto asset owners’ private keys to a third party.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	With Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies having rallied to yearly highs, the compensation matter is likely to be a thorny one.
libraries; Demux;	As projects graduate from EOSIO Labs, they will enjoy the support we feel is needed, as afforded to actively maintained EOSIO open source libraries such as Demux, EOSJS and others.
libraries; EOSJS;	As projects graduate from EOSIO Labs, they will enjoy the support we feel is needed, as afforded to actively maintained EOSIO open source libraries such as Demux, EOSJS and others.
libraries; others;	As projects graduate from EOSIO Labs, they will enjoy the support we feel is needed, as afforded to actively maintained EOSIO open source libraries such as Demux, EOSJS and others.
platforms; Twitter;	The XRPTipBot service has already been available for users of other social media platforms such as Twitter, Reddit, and Concord.
platforms; Reddit;	The XRPTipBot service has already been available for users of other social media platforms such as Twitter, Reddit, and Concord.
digital assets; cryptocurrency;	We are incredibly excited to reach this milestone in our partnership with the JSE, bringing digital assets including cryptocurrency and security tokens to mainstream investors.
digital assets; security;	We are incredibly excited to reach this milestone in our partnership with the JSE, bringing digital assets including cryptocurrency and security tokens to mainstream investors.
organizations; the Securities;	Nasdaq is connected to organizations such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), which means it’s likely to be hit with plenty of regulatory schemes in the coming months granted it takes the crypto route.
organizations; Exchange;	Nasdaq is connected to organizations such as the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), which means it’s likely to be hit with plenty of regulatory schemes in the coming months granted it takes the crypto route.
crypto assets; Cash;	Along with differences in opinion over what the move means for the short, medium, and long term prices of different digital currencies, there seems even less consensus as to what has actually caused the sudden surge in Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, and other crypto assets.
ideas; Shasper;	Vitalik Buterin, the Co-founder of Ethereum recently spoke about scalability on the Ethereum network, mentioning Shasper and other ideas to improve the ETH protocol.
aspects; stability;	Perhaps Weiss believes that by giving cryptocurrencies lower grades, executives will feel compelled to improve stability, security and other aspects of their coins’ technologies, which is important if more people are using them.
aspects; security;	Perhaps Weiss believes that by giving cryptocurrencies lower grades, executives will feel compelled to improve stability, security and other aspects of their coins’ technologies, which is important if more people are using them.
persons; issuers;	So, "issuers and other persons and entities engaged in the marketing, offer, sale, resale, or distribution of any digital asset will need to analyze the relevant transactions to determine if the federal securities laws apply.."
tokens; reliance;	Security Vs. Utility TokensIn addition to the elements mentioned above, the SEC considers other factors in the evaluation process of tokens, including reliance on the efforts of others, the use cases of the tokens, the development of the network, the correlation between the token’s market and purchase price as well as several other elements.
next IEO; HT;	Read more: Huobi announce rules for next IEO including HT holding requirement
several new digital assets; Cardano;	The popular cryptocurrency trading platform announced in July 2018 that they are exploring the addition of several new digital assets, including Cardano.
related assets; cryptocurrencies;	Launching the staking feature also adds opportunities for Trust Wallet to support Proof-of-Stake cryptocurrencies and other related assets.
PoS-based cryptocurrencies; Tezos;	The addition of a staking feature to Trust Wallet would allow users not only to store Tezos and other PoS-based cryptocurrencies, but also to actively participate in their network governance.
blockchains; Bitcoin;	As of March 28—when support was added for  Stellar (XLM), Thunder Token (TT), Kin (KIN), Nimiq (NIM), and Aion (AION)—Trust Wallet supported 22 blockchains, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, XRP, Stellar, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic, TRON, Wanchain, VeChain, Dash, ICON, and EOS, as well as 20,000+ ERC20-compatible, ERC223-compatible, or ERC721-compatible Ethereum tokens (such as Basic Atttention Token or Augur).
blockchains; Bitcoin;	As of March 28—when support was added for  Stellar (XLM), Thunder Token (TT), Kin (KIN), Nimiq (NIM), and Aion (AION)—Trust Wallet supported 22 blockchains, including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Ethereum, XRP, Stellar, Litecoin, Ethereum Classic, TRON, Wanchain, VeChain, Dash, ICON, and EOS, as well as 20,000+ ERC20-compatible, ERC223-compatible, or ERC721-compatible Ethereum tokens (such as Basic Atttention Token or Augur).
officials; SEC;	Earlier this year a few SEC officials, including SEC Chairman Jay Clayton, confirmed that they did not believe that Ethereum was a security, which brought some relief to investors as it meant that Ethereum’s growth and development would not be hampered by legal stumbling blocks.
financial innovations; cryptocurrency;	In addition to the much anticipated ‘No Action’ letter the SEC’s FinHub, established in October 2018 to address issues related to cryptocurrency and other financial innovations, published a lengthy, highly anticipated document explaining its rationale for evaluating such requests.
figures; Twitter;	As Bitcoinist reported, the ongoing event has seen major publicity and participation from figures including Twitter’s CEO Jack Dorsey.
issues; financial inclusion;	Most of these projects are aimed at resolving issues such as financial inclusion, payments efficiency, and cybersecurity.
issues; payments;	Most of these projects are aimed at resolving issues such as financial inclusion, payments efficiency, and cybersecurity.
technology; transaction;	The report continues with a list of potential downsides of CBDCs, saying that banks should consider the challenges of blockchain technology, including transaction scalability, key management, transaction speeds, possible financial exclusion of populations who do not adopt CBDC — which could lead to further marginalization from digital payment systems — as well as risks to financial stability from bank disintermediation.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	More importantly, there were solid bullish moves in bitcoin, Ethereum, ripple, EOS, ADA, TRX and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	More importantly, there were solid bullish moves in bitcoin, Ethereum, ripple, EOS, ADA, TRX and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; ripple;	More importantly, there were solid bullish moves in bitcoin, Ethereum, ripple, EOS, ADA, TRX and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; EOS;	More importantly, there were solid bullish moves in bitcoin, Ethereum, ripple, EOS, ADA, TRX and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; ADA;	More importantly, there were solid bullish moves in bitcoin, Ethereum, ripple, EOS, ADA, TRX and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; TRX;	More importantly, there were solid bullish moves in bitcoin, Ethereum, ripple, EOS, ADA, TRX and other cryptocurrencies.
individual fiat; a removal;	Cryptocurrencies provide citizens with a global means of operating outside their individual fiat, including a removal of the geopolitical ties and policy making inherent in U.S.
countries; the United;	It was officially launched last year, in 2018, and currently allows for financial transactions in 19 countries, including the United States.
systems; Visa;	Nonetheless, with advances ongoing, Bitcoin is at least set to overtake extant payment systems such as Visa and MasterCard, in his opinion.
systems; MasterCard;	Nonetheless, with advances ongoing, Bitcoin is at least set to overtake extant payment systems such as Visa and MasterCard, in his opinion.
Different organisations; commercial outlets;	Different organisations, especially commercial outlets are now adopting cryptos as a mean of payment.
partners; VANTA;	MakerDAO, the issuer of Dai, the first and largest stablecoin on the Ethereum blockchain, has announced that following last month’s official launch of the National Relayer Campaign in Korea, the MakerDAO Korean community has worked closely with its partners including VANTA, a decentralized network for real-time, secure, and private connectivity – to drive the adoption of Dai.
advantages; transparency;	However, cryptocurrency’s advantages such as transparency and security are encouraging some cities to switch their local currencies into cryptocurrencies.
advantages; security;	However, cryptocurrency’s advantages such as transparency and security are encouraging some cities to switch their local currencies into cryptocurrencies.
wallets; Binance;	According to CZ, the exchange’s mainnet will go live later in April, and the platform will reportedly support secure decentralized software and hardware wallets, including Binance’s own Trust Wallet.
exchanges; Bithumb;	Cryptospace’s movement towards DEX will have a positive impact on the space since centralized exchanges such as Bithumb and Cryptopia have been targeted recently by a host of hack attacks.
exchanges; Cryptopia;	Cryptospace’s movement towards DEX will have a positive impact on the space since centralized exchanges such as Bithumb and Cryptopia have been targeted recently by a host of hack attacks.
small states; Singapore;	"With governments in Singapore, Malta, Jersey and other small states welcoming cryptocurrency companies, it's now the question when a larger country will step in.
small states; Malta;	"With governments in Singapore, Malta, Jersey and other small states welcoming cryptocurrency companies, it's now the question when a larger country will step in.
small states; Jersey;	"With governments in Singapore, Malta, Jersey and other small states welcoming cryptocurrency companies, it's now the question when a larger country will step in.
factors; profit;	This distinction is made on the basis of factors such as profit expectations, centralization, and market-making.
facilities; management;	Further, the commission suggested that the “information” in the framework could relate to organizations that are involved in selling or distributing digital assets, marketing coins, and providing facilities such as management, storing, exchange and others.
”; the SEC;	This was followed by the lawyer asserting that the Commission does not “make law,” pointing that the framework “isn’t binding to anyone,” including the SEC.
legal operations; trading;	According to The Star, Superior Court Justice Jane Kelly said Phan had failed to convince her that the funds had materialized as a result of legal operations such as trading on cryptocurrency exchanges.
narcotics; cocaine;	In Dec 2018, Phan pleaded guilty of multiple charges brought against him, which included attempting to import a firearm illegally and possessing narcotics such as cocaine, ketamine, and PCP with the intent of trafficking.
narcotics; ketamine;	In Dec 2018, Phan pleaded guilty of multiple charges brought against him, which included attempting to import a firearm illegally and possessing narcotics such as cocaine, ketamine, and PCP with the intent of trafficking.
illegal items; firearms;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.”
illegal items; silencers;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.”
items; illegal drugs;	It’s well known that Bitcoin (BTC) was and still is widely used on the dark web for buying and selling illegal drugs, weapons, and other items.
items; weapons;	It’s well known that Bitcoin (BTC) was and still is widely used on the dark web for buying and selling illegal drugs, weapons, and other items.
illegal items; firearms;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
illegal items; silencers;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
illegal items; firearms;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
illegal items; silencers;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
illegal items; firearms;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
illegal items; silencers;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
illegal items; firearms;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
illegal items; silencers;	“There is overwhelming evidence to suggest that Mr. Phan was using the dark markets to purchase illegal items such as firearms and silencers.
contraband; drugs;	The case is reminiscent of Silk Road, an online marketplace for drugs, weapons and other contraband that was shut down by the FBI who seized the organization’s 144,000 Bitcoin worth approximately $28.5 million.
contraband; weapons;	The case is reminiscent of Silk Road, an online marketplace for drugs, weapons and other contraband that was shut down by the FBI who seized the organization’s 144,000 Bitcoin worth approximately $28.5 million.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Jevans’s testimony highlights how criminal activity conducted with cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin can be traced and tracked, generating evidence from immutable ledgers that are admissible in court.
keywords; buy;	The article, penned by Nairu Capital, said that when more users search for keywords such as buy stocks, the stock market does well.
the globe; China;	In bitcoin’s case, the trending keywords across the globe, including China, is more about whys than hows.
publications; the New;	After all, the near-term crypto boom prompted some of the most followed news publications, including the New York Times, Washington Post, and Forbes, to cover it.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	In places like Venezuela and Iran, people are continually turning towards Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
companies; Gazprom;	I mean both Internet of Things technologies and technologies adopted called a distributed registry, a blockchain and it’s about a completely specific application of modern advanced technology…I think this technology has a good future in our industry and in the activities of such companies as Gazprom.
fraudulent methods; tokens;	South Korea banned ICOs due to concerns related to the new issuance of tokens and other fraudulent methods that attackers had to steal users.
countries; Switzerland;	There are other countries such as Switzerland and Malta that have implemented crypto-related regulations that aim at increasing the investment of virtual currency companies in their jurisdictions.
countries; Malta;	There are other countries such as Switzerland and Malta that have implemented crypto-related regulations that aim at increasing the investment of virtual currency companies in their jurisdictions.
internet giants; Baidu;	Chinese initiatives by internet giants such as Baidu Blockchain Engine, Alibaba Cloud Blockchain-as-a-Service (BaaS), Tencent BaaS (TBaaS) and the BaaS platform owned by e-commerce giant JD.com appear on the list.
Financial institutions; the China;	Financial institutions such as the China Zheshang Bank and Ping An Insurance Company are also included.
Some less-known companies; blockchain-enabled supply;	Some less-known companies such as blockchain-enabled supply chain management service VeChain and parcel delivery service ParcelX are present on the list as well.
financial institutions; providers;	RippleNet’s interest is growing among banks, payment providers and other financial institutions.
systems; Visa;	On the same day, software startup DataLight published a report claiming that within a decade,  Bitcoin is expected to usurp current global payment systems such as Visa, MasterCard and PayPal.
systems; MasterCard;	On the same day, software startup DataLight published a report claiming that within a decade,  Bitcoin is expected to usurp current global payment systems such as Visa, MasterCard and PayPal.
systems; PayPal;	On the same day, software startup DataLight published a report claiming that within a decade,  Bitcoin is expected to usurp current global payment systems such as Visa, MasterCard and PayPal.
challenges; scalability;	The blockchain protocol intends to solve challenges such as scalability, sustainability, and interoperability by employing the democratic governance model and a double layer architecture.
challenges; sustainability;	The blockchain protocol intends to solve challenges such as scalability, sustainability, and interoperability by employing the democratic governance model and a double layer architecture.
giants; Visa;	These figures are only a drop in the ocean when compared with payments giants such as Visa that can scale up to 24,000 TPS.
blockchain projects; Ripple;	However, there are blockchain projects such as Ripple that can scale to 1,500 TPS, but this figure is achieved at the expense of security.
dominant protocols; Bitcoin;	There are several blockchain protocols in the world including dominant protocols such as Bitcoin.
failures; bugs;	On the good side, Cardano stands a great chance of avoiding bugs and other failures that have rocked blockchain protocols in the past.
similar platforms; Ethereum;	If it is to succeed, it has to fend off competition from other existing similar platforms such as Ethereum, NEO, and EOS among others.
similar platforms; NEO;	If it is to succeed, it has to fend off competition from other existing similar platforms such as Ethereum, NEO, and EOS among others.
financial services; cross-border transactions;	The document notes eCAD will help in “Coinsquare’s mission to become a 21st century financial institution,” as it’ll allow the firm to “explore and optimized” financial services such as cross-border transactions, remittance payments, and peer-to-peer lending.
financial services; remittance;	The document notes eCAD will help in “Coinsquare’s mission to become a 21st century financial institution,” as it’ll allow the firm to “explore and optimized” financial services such as cross-border transactions, remittance payments, and peer-to-peer lending.
the interview; BitTorrent;	Sun spoke on several subjects during the interview, including BitTorrent, and working with LOOM network, layer 2 scaling solution for Ethereum.
top-tier cryptos; Litecoin;	The change in trend was largely led by Bitcoin (BTC), and also propped up by other top-tier cryptos such as Litecoin (LTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH).
ERC20; ];	At the moment, Ethereum [ETH] and other ERC20 tokens are the only cryptocurrencies supported on the device, sources have revealed.
top virtual currencies; ];	However, Bitcoin [BTC] and other top virtual currencies will be integrated in the future.
developments; adoption;	Other factors that could be behind the cryptocurrency’s rise could, nevertheless, revolve around adoption and other developments.
BNB; categories;	Additionally, on March 27, Binance released an infographic of possible uses cases for BNB including categories like Payment, Travel & Utility, Cash, Service, Platform, Entertainment, and Wallet.
industries; payments;	TCS’s Quartz blockchain solution is built to be used in a wide range of areas and industries, including payments, settlement, trade finance, information exchange, e-Governance, supply chain, healthcare, digital identities and others.
industries; settlement;	TCS’s Quartz blockchain solution is built to be used in a wide range of areas and industries, including payments, settlement, trade finance, information exchange, e-Governance, supply chain, healthcare, digital identities and others.
industries; trade;	TCS’s Quartz blockchain solution is built to be used in a wide range of areas and industries, including payments, settlement, trade finance, information exchange, e-Governance, supply chain, healthcare, digital identities and others.
important clients; General;	TCS will bring to RippleNet such important clients as General Electric, Citibank UK, and Microsoft.
technology; the Lightning;	Blumer failed to mention any layer 2 payment technology such as the Lightning Network, which has long been a bright spot for Bitcoin.
expansion; sidechains;	Phase two entails DApps sidechains, cross-chain infrastructure, and other expansion products.
expansion; cross-chain infrastructure;	Phase two entails DApps sidechains, cross-chain infrastructure, and other expansion products.
updated platform; specifics;	The release also included information about the forthcoming launch and updated platform, including specifics on SUN.
stablecoins; Tether;	Purchasing stablecoins such as Tether (USDT) via over-the-counter (OTC) services and converting them to other cryptocurrencies has become the principal method, cnLedger noted.
instruments; initial coin;	As Cointelegraph reported, this has extended to anything construed as propaganda, while associated instruments such as initial coin offerings (ICOs) are also outlawed.
altcoins; Litecoin;	Most deal only with Bitcoin (BTC), but an increasing number are offering support for altcoins, including Litecoin (LTC) and Dash (DASH).
security; scams;	Last year, when the New York Attorney General launched an inquiry into cryptocurrency exchanges under the pretense of protecting consumers, citing scams and other security problems.
crypto; Kraken;	With New York having announced last year that it was investigating Kraken and other crypto exchanges for potentially violating its virtual currency regulations, it now potentially has two additional witnesses if it has not already roped them in.
clues; keywords;	The scheme, which reportedly stole a total of 21.2 billion won ($18.3 million) over a six-month period in 2018, came to an end after the Seoul Special Judicial Police Bureau for Public Safety trained robots to catch those involved using keywords and other clues.
keywords; Ponzi;	“Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes,” Hong Nam-ki, section chief of the bureau’s second investigation team, told the publication.
keywords; loan;	“Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes,” Hong Nam-ki, section chief of the bureau’s second investigation team, told the publication.
keywords; Ponzi;	Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes, the program can also identify advertisement patterns and identified the enterprise in question, which [was caught] with evidence provided by an unnamed informant.
keywords; loan;	Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes, the program can also identify advertisement patterns and identified the enterprise in question, which [was caught] with evidence provided by an unnamed informant.
technical crimes; SIM;	There are more technical crimes such as SIM swapping, crypto-jacking, and exchange hacking.
technical crimes; fake ICOs;	There are also less technical crimes such as fake ICOs and fraudulent businesses opportunities that seek to swindle investors of their money.
technical crimes; fraudulent businesses;	There are also less technical crimes such as fake ICOs and fraudulent businesses opportunities that seek to swindle investors of their money.
keywords; Ponzi;	“Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes,”
keywords; loan;	“Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes,”
common data; keywords;	In a conversation with the Korea JoongAng Daily, Hong Nam-ki, the section chief of the bureau’s second investigation team commented that the algorithm was able to dismantle the gang’s operations after comparing it with common data such as keywords and other behavior patterns typical of this type of fraudulent activities:
keywords; Ponzi;	“Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes.
keywords; loan;	“Through keywords such as Ponzi, loan and recruiting members, we were able to teach the AI patterns of Ponzi schemes.
areas; technology;	The blockchain note will initially have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
areas; shipping;	The blockchain note will initially have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
areas; oil;	The blockchain note will initially have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
areas; gas;	The blockchain note will initially have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
the globe; oil;	The firm says it plans to carefully select about 20 firms from a vast array of industries across the globe, including oil and gas, technology, energy, shipping, and custody banking.
the globe; gas;	The firm says it plans to carefully select about 20 firms from a vast array of industries across the globe, including oil and gas, technology, energy, shipping, and custody banking.
technology; blockchain;	Over 40 central banks are now looking into distributed ledger technology, including blockchain, to streamline banking procedures and eliminate redundant systems, according to a new report by the World Economic Forum.
long-standing challenges; financial inclusion;	“CBDC, a commonly proposed application of blockchain and distributed ledger technology(DLT), has attracted much interest within the central banking community for its potential to address long-standing challenges such as financial inclusion, payments efficiency, and payment system operational and cyber resilience.”
long-standing challenges; payments;	“CBDC, a commonly proposed application of blockchain and distributed ledger technology(DLT), has attracted much interest within the central banking community for its potential to address long-standing challenges such as financial inclusion, payments efficiency, and payment system operational and cyber resilience.”
the crypto-future; millions;	Now, an XPASS card loaded with crypto enables ordinary people to embrace the crypto-future, including millions of unbanked South Africans.
corporates; the South African arm;	Our partnership with DoshEx enables us to tap into the early-adopter market at pace as this Bryanston-based innovator has a proven track record as a digital exchange and developer of blockchain-based solutions for leading corporates, including the South African arm of Virgin Money.”
economies; Argentina;	This global technology player has deployed payment ecosystems in numerous markets, including developing economies such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Nigeria, Uganda and more.
economies; Brazil;	This global technology player has deployed payment ecosystems in numerous markets, including developing economies such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Nigeria, Uganda and more.
economies; Colombia;	This global technology player has deployed payment ecosystems in numerous markets, including developing economies such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Nigeria, Uganda and more.
economies; Nigeria;	This global technology player has deployed payment ecosystems in numerous markets, including developing economies such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Nigeria, Uganda and more.
economies; Uganda;	This global technology player has deployed payment ecosystems in numerous markets, including developing economies such as Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Nigeria, Uganda and more.
local publications; SCMP;	After the Chinese government banned bitcoin and cryptocurrency trading in September 2017, local publications including SCMP have reported that a relatively large number of bitcoin investors still actively traded the asset, circumventing restrictions through VPNs, stablecoins, and OTC markets.
top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	cnLedger notes that Chinese investors have resorted to purchasing the stablecoin Tether (USDT) through OTC providers–at a price premium relative to the market–which they are then able to exchange for Bitcoin and other top cryptocurrencies.
startups; Mindtree.org;	The company shared the mention along with other startups such as Mindtree.org, Accenture Labs India, Ericsson, and Vivo.
startups; Accenture;	The company shared the mention along with other startups such as Mindtree.org, Accenture Labs India, Ericsson, and Vivo.
several banks; central banks;	Ripple’s products has been receiving positive responses from the banking industry, and several banks, including central banks, have been working with Ripple’s solutions to attain faster and cheaper cross border payments.
many crypto crimes; Ponzi;	While there are many crypto crimes such as Ponzi schemes and sim swapping, money laundering is considered somewhat more serious since it has links to more significant criminal activity.
tokens; Basic Attention;	Last year that they would be adding new tokens to the platform and, since then, they have steadily been adding more tokens, including Basic Attention Token (BAT), Golem Network Token (GNT), Ziliqa (ZIL), Stellar Lumens (XLM), and, somewhat notoriously, Ripple’s XRP.
platforms; Coinbase;	Getting featured on prominent trading platforms such as Coinbase is always a big leap forward for the growth of any cryptocurrency project.
performance; competitors;	Depending on the cost Bitmain’s machines could outshine most of the machines on the market due to performance including competitors like Ebit, Innosilicon, Canaan, and Asicminer machines.
crypto assets; bitcoin;	Among that, there is thought to be $190 million worth of crypto assets, including bitcoin and ether, purportedly stuck inside cold storage wallets to which only the deceased CEO had access.
crypto assets; ether;	Among that, there is thought to be $190 million worth of crypto assets, including bitcoin and ether, purportedly stuck inside cold storage wallets to which only the deceased CEO had access.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Roughly 115,000 customers are owed $195 million ($260 million Canadian dollars) in cash and cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, following the death of Quadriga’s founder Gerald Cotton.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Roughly 115,000 customers are owed $195 million ($260 million Canadian dollars) in cash and cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, following the death of Quadriga’s founder Gerald Cotton.
estate; Robertson;	The court also approved a freeze on accounts held by Cotton’s widow, Jennifer Robertson, and the Cotten estate, including Robertson’s trusts and businesses.
eco-system; WhatsApp;	Nevertheless, later, in February it was said that the coin may be used throughout the whole Facebook eco-system, including WhatsApp, MessengerApp as well as Instagram.
eco-system; MessengerApp;	Nevertheless, later, in February it was said that the coin may be used throughout the whole Facebook eco-system, including WhatsApp, MessengerApp as well as Instagram.
fiat currencies; the U.S;	The coin will be backed by fiat currencies such as the U.S Dollar and the Euro.
private information; account;	The leaks appear to have occurred through third-party applications that exposed personal and private information including account names, user IDs, details about comments, reactions to posts, friends, photos, location check ins, and unprotected Facebook passwords for 22,000 users.
relevant stakeholders; the CBN;	The UGFR Executive Director wants the CBN, EFCC, and other relevant stakeholders to address the issue as a matter of urgency.
relevant stakeholders; EFCC;	The UGFR Executive Director wants the CBN, EFCC, and other relevant stakeholders to address the issue as a matter of urgency.
assets; real estate;	Billionaire Bitcoin bull Mike Novogratz is one of many who have suggested that the digital tokenization of assets such as real estate will be a huge growth industry, one that may even develop independently of the fate of the crypto market.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It will allow customers to buy, sell and store several leading cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Bitcoin Cash.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	It will allow customers to buy, sell and store several leading cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Bitcoin Cash.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	It will allow customers to buy, sell and store several leading cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Bitcoin Cash.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It will allow customers to buy, sell and store several leading cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Bitcoin Cash.
platforms; LocalBitcoins;	Additionally, platforms such as LocalBitcoins and even OTC trading are becoming a lot more popular.
shops; stores;	While the phasing between this envisaged testing period and practical implementation this year was not clarified by the president, the bank reportedly intends that users “will be able to use the currency to make payments at places like restaurants, convenience stores and other shops,” as well as to “transfer the currency to other participants’ accounts.”
innovators; e-commerce giant Rakuten;	Japan is notably already served by digital payment innovators such as e-commerce giant Rakuten, which will soon launch its own crypto exchange, and chat app provider Line, which has itself launched its own cryptocurrency and in-house blockchain.
shops; stores;	Though it is still unclear how long this testing period will last and when exactly its practical implementation will take place, it has been reported that the bank will not only enable its users to use the currency to make payments at places like restaurants, convenience stores and other shops, but also to make peer-to-peer transfers.
giants; Beijing-born;	Nonetheless, mining has to date not yet been prohibited outright, with industry giants such as Beijing-born Bitmain operating both in the country and overseas.
mining; bitcoin;	The report states that cryptocurrency mining including bitcoin, did not adhere to relevant laws and regulations and were unsafe.
clampdown; towards;	Back in 2017, the country began its clampdown, especially towards Bitcoin miners.
possible criteria; pollution;	The 450+ industries tagged for elimination fall foul of a number of possible criteria, including pollution and waste of resources.
possible criteria; waste;	The 450+ industries tagged for elimination fall foul of a number of possible criteria, including pollution and waste of resources.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Twitter account cnLedger, which reports on the crypto/blockchain related news in China, said on Monday that over-the-counter (OTC) desks, which have been the "almost only way" to buy cryptocurrency in China via fiat currency since the PBoC's ICO ban, are seeing strong buys for tether (USDT), with Chinese traders/investors first buying USDT and then converting it to other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin at spot exchanges of their choice:
certain networks; Bitcoin;	Scalability of certain networks, including Bitcoin, would significantly drop.
the planet; BTC.com;	China plays host to four of the five largest bitcoin mining pools on the planet, including BTC.com, Antpool, F2Pool, and Poolin.
the planet; Antpool;	China plays host to four of the five largest bitcoin mining pools on the planet, including BTC.com, Antpool, F2Pool, and Poolin.
the planet; F2Pool;	China plays host to four of the five largest bitcoin mining pools on the planet, including BTC.com, Antpool, F2Pool, and Poolin.
environmental concerns; wasted resources;	The NDRC says that deviations from applicable laws and regulations, safety and environmental concerns, including wasted resources and pollution, are the primary reasons for restricting these activities.
environmental concerns; pollution;	The NDRC says that deviations from applicable laws and regulations, safety and environmental concerns, including wasted resources and pollution, are the primary reasons for restricting these activities.
companies; Bitmain;	Moreover, most mining companies including Bitmain have offices outside of Beijing and if forced out of China,  most likely would be able to sustain operations in foreign markets.
companies; Bitmain;	Large bitcoin mining companies such as Bitmain have done business in China for years, and with such a ban in force, it’s hard to say where they would go or what they would do.
active positions; the status;	This new section allows users to comprehensively evaluate their active positions, including the status, amount, positive/negative values, funding types and amounts used for each position.
active positions; amount;	This new section allows users to comprehensively evaluate their active positions, including the status, amount, positive/negative values, funding types and amounts used for each position.
active positions; positive/negative values;	This new section allows users to comprehensively evaluate their active positions, including the status, amount, positive/negative values, funding types and amounts used for each position.
projects; Ethereum;	Hoskinson might be well known among many crypto enthusiasts and investors for his participation in co-founding both Ethereum (ETH) and Cardano (ADA), or for his latter support of other projects such as Ethereum Classic (ETC).
leaders; Dan;	Hoskinson criticized the “lone wolf” modus operandi displayed by some “brilliant” leaders such as Dan Larimer or Vitalik Buterin: “[they] will lead a small group of crack engineers to somehow innovate and solve a big problem.
the Mainnet; the Ouroboros;	Hoskinson further stated that Cardano was “right at the cusp” as the team would be rolling out major innovations on the Mainnet, including the Ouroboros Genesis which, according to him, “would allow to fully decentralize the network” and also be the “best-in-class” Proof-of-Stake [PoS].
browsers; Google;	Opera was founded in Norway back in 1995 and delivers browsers solutions to more than 320 million people worldwide, and offers an alternative to mainstream browsers such as Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
tokenized securities; corporate bonds;	Today, the GSX starts listing a number of new products known as digital, smart or tokenized securities such as corporate bonds, convertible bonds, asset-backed securities, derivative securities, open-ended funds and closed-ended funds, the announcement says.
tokenized securities; convertible bonds;	Today, the GSX starts listing a number of new products known as digital, smart or tokenized securities such as corporate bonds, convertible bonds, asset-backed securities, derivative securities, open-ended funds and closed-ended funds, the announcement says.
tokenized securities; asset-backed securities;	Today, the GSX starts listing a number of new products known as digital, smart or tokenized securities such as corporate bonds, convertible bonds, asset-backed securities, derivative securities, open-ended funds and closed-ended funds, the announcement says.
tokenized securities; derivative securities;	Today, the GSX starts listing a number of new products known as digital, smart or tokenized securities such as corporate bonds, convertible bonds, asset-backed securities, derivative securities, open-ended funds and closed-ended funds, the announcement says.
tokenized securities; open-ended funds;	Today, the GSX starts listing a number of new products known as digital, smart or tokenized securities such as corporate bonds, convertible bonds, asset-backed securities, derivative securities, open-ended funds and closed-ended funds, the announcement says.
tokenized securities; closed-ended funds;	Today, the GSX starts listing a number of new products known as digital, smart or tokenized securities such as corporate bonds, convertible bonds, asset-backed securities, derivative securities, open-ended funds and closed-ended funds, the announcement says.
qualified financial institutions; exchanges;	The project enables stock exchanges and other qualified financial institutions to tokenize assets and boost the trading, clearing and settling of digital securities.
various exchanges; the listing;	Blockchain has infiltrated various aspects of the financial world such as the sending of cross border payments; now in 2019, the inclusion of blockchain and crypto-related securities on various exchanges such as the listing of bitcoin and ethereum indices on the Nasdaq signal yet another era of adoption.
Asia; InstaReM;	About half of Ripple’s clients are located in Asia, including InstaReM, CIMB Bank, SCB and BDO.
Asia; CIMB;	About half of Ripple’s clients are located in Asia, including InstaReM, CIMB Bank, SCB and BDO.
tokens; bitcoin;	Currently, as part of its crypto trading services, the private bank enables direct investment in a range of digital currencies and tokens including bitcoin, litecoin, and ether, as well as offering a cold storage solution for its crypto trading counterparties.
tokens; litecoin;	Currently, as part of its crypto trading services, the private bank enables direct investment in a range of digital currencies and tokens including bitcoin, litecoin, and ether, as well as offering a cold storage solution for its crypto trading counterparties.
assets; speculation;	Lingham concludes that a BTC price over $6,200 would most likely trigger another bull run, however he admits thats " if it’s pure speculation and other assets benefit disproportionately to value created, it’s likely not going to end well again!"
assets; speculation;	That said, if we can break $6200 for BTC, it will likely mark the start of another major bull run and could run hot and high, but if it’s pure speculation and other assets benefit disproportionately to value created, it’s likely not going to end well again!
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Bitstamp is the 19th company authorized to facilitate trading in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in New York State.
currencies; the Australian Dollar;	According to the press release, apart from offering the trade in cryptos, Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other virtual currencies, and select fiat currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
currencies; British Pound;	According to the press release, apart from offering the trade in cryptos, Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other virtual currencies, and select fiat currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
currencies; Euro;	According to the press release, apart from offering the trade in cryptos, Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other virtual currencies, and select fiat currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
currencies; Swiss;	According to the press release, apart from offering the trade in cryptos, Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other virtual currencies, and select fiat currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
firms; Square;	In securing the license, Bitstamp joins other high-profile crypto industry firms such as Square, BitPay, Genesis Global Trading, BitFlyer USA, Coinbase, and others.
firms; BitPay;	In securing the license, Bitstamp joins other high-profile crypto industry firms such as Square, BitPay, Genesis Global Trading, BitFlyer USA, Coinbase, and others.
firms; Genesis;	In securing the license, Bitstamp joins other high-profile crypto industry firms such as Square, BitPay, Genesis Global Trading, BitFlyer USA, Coinbase, and others.
]; New;	“We were providing services in the [US] including New York before there were any licenses out there.
different digital assets; Bitcoin;	Users will be able to purchase and trade different digital assets, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ether (ETH), Litecoin (LTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH).
currencies; the Australian dollar;	Individuals can also have balances in different fiat currencies, including the Australian dollar (AUSD), the British pound (GBP), the euro (EUR) and many others.
currencies; the Australian Dollar;	fiat currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss
currencies; British Pound;	fiat currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss
currencies; Euro;	fiat currencies, including the Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss
currencies; AUD;	"Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other cryptos, and select FIAT currencies, including AUD, GBP, EUR, CHF & JPY.
currencies; GBP;	"Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other cryptos, and select FIAT currencies, including AUD, GBP, EUR, CHF & JPY.
currencies; EUR;	"Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other cryptos, and select FIAT currencies, including AUD, GBP, EUR, CHF & JPY.
currencies; CHF;	"Bitstamp USA is also authorized to facilitate transfers of funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, other cryptos, and select FIAT currencies, including AUD, GBP, EUR, CHF & JPY.
a fungible asset; USD;	With the legal backing of the Financial Services, Bitstamp will now be able to issue fiat-backed and crypto-backed IOUs [tokens issued on the platform that are redeemable for a fungible asset such as USD, gold or crude oil].
a fungible asset; gold;	With the legal backing of the Financial Services, Bitstamp will now be able to issue fiat-backed and crypto-backed IOUs [tokens issued on the platform that are redeemable for a fungible asset such as USD, gold or crude oil].
a fungible asset; crude oil;	With the legal backing of the Financial Services, Bitstamp will now be able to issue fiat-backed and crypto-backed IOUs [tokens issued on the platform that are redeemable for a fungible asset such as USD, gold or crude oil].
fiat currencies; Australian Dollar;	Bitstamp USA can also legally transfer funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, cryptocurrency and other fiat currencies such as Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
fiat currencies; British Pound;	Bitstamp USA can also legally transfer funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, cryptocurrency and other fiat currencies such as Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
fiat currencies; Euro;	Bitstamp USA can also legally transfer funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, cryptocurrency and other fiat currencies such as Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
fiat currencies; Swiss;	Bitstamp USA can also legally transfer funds onto the Ripple Network, issuing Ripple Balances in USD, cryptocurrency and other fiat currencies such as Australian Dollar, British Pound, Euro, Swiss Franc, and Japanese Yen.
locations; Canada;	Already, miners have sought out locations such as Canada and Iceland to make use of the abundant, cheap, clean electricity provided by geothermal and hydroelectric plants.
locations; Iceland;	Already, miners have sought out locations such as Canada and Iceland to make use of the abundant, cheap, clean electricity provided by geothermal and hydroelectric plants.
companies; Facebook;	Given the massive price volatility experienced by the market throughout 2018, companies such as Facebook have turned to price-stable coins to develop for their services.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins on our market charts, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins on our market charts, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
harmful practices; cryptocurrency;	The blog post further stated that, in their previous statement, one of the key factors they had claimed to work towards was mitigating harmful practices, including cryptocurrency mining and fingerprinting.
cryptocurrencies; Monero;	For those who are unaware, cryptojacking is a process whereby bad actors remotely gain access into a person’s computer and install malware like Coinhive on the computer, in a bid to use the victim’s system resources to mine cryptocurrencies such as Monero (XMR), without the consent of the victim.
features; share;	The platform also makes it possible to take advantage of “automated” features, including share buy-backs, voting, and dividends.
investors; Coinbase;	As Cointelegraph reported in February, Dharma Labs has previously raised $7 million from big name investors, including Coinbase Ventures.
platforms; Twitch;	This is a major step for streamers who currently make use of platforms such as Twitch, which takes 50% of streamers revenue cut.
similar platforms; the likes;	That’s radically different from how other similar platforms including the likes of YouTube and Twitch operate.
established platforms; Twitch;	Under prevailing circumstances, it’s not unusual to think that DLive could emerge a credible alternative to more established platforms such as Twitch over time by developing a loyal fanbase.
accepted options; bitcoin;	The service supports cryptocurrency payments for purchases of its native tokens, with accepted options including bitcoin cash (BCH) as well as BTC, ETH and LTC.
cryptocurrency; bitcoin cash;	For users outside the U.S. it is also possible to buy Lino points with cryptocurrency including bitcoin cash (BCH) as well as BTC, ETH and LTC.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Satoshi’s Pulse, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
cryptos; Maker;	The crypto platform recently announced its support for EOS, as well as other cryptos such as Maker and Augur.
cryptos; Augur;	The crypto platform recently announced its support for EOS, as well as other cryptos such as Maker and Augur.
regulators; the U.S.;	The act would amend the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1940, granting regulators such as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) clarity on how they may enforce securities laws surrounding cryptocurrencies.
a custodian –; Bitcoin;	The TTA 2019 defines a digital token as a digital unit created in response to the “verification or collection of proposed transactions”, capable of being transferred between individuals without a custodian – such as Bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; ];	Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies in the market have been trying to gain more adoption in terms of real-world use-cases.
malls; Alibaba;	Partnerships & eCommerce Integrations: Other than our impressive list of financial supporters and our exchange partners, we are in the process of integrating the Coin Shopping Mall with many of the world’s most renowned online shopping malls including Alibaba, Amazon, eBay, Coupang Mall, and more.
malls; Amazon;	Partnerships & eCommerce Integrations: Other than our impressive list of financial supporters and our exchange partners, we are in the process of integrating the Coin Shopping Mall with many of the world’s most renowned online shopping malls including Alibaba, Amazon, eBay, Coupang Mall, and more.
malls; eBay;	Partnerships & eCommerce Integrations: Other than our impressive list of financial supporters and our exchange partners, we are in the process of integrating the Coin Shopping Mall with many of the world’s most renowned online shopping malls including Alibaba, Amazon, eBay, Coupang Mall, and more.
malls; Coupang;	Partnerships & eCommerce Integrations: Other than our impressive list of financial supporters and our exchange partners, we are in the process of integrating the Coin Shopping Mall with many of the world’s most renowned online shopping malls including Alibaba, Amazon, eBay, Coupang Mall, and more.
promoters; fines;	Besides prosecutions, there have been other actions taken against OneCoin promoters such as fines and warnings.
promoters; warnings;	Besides prosecutions, there have been other actions taken against OneCoin promoters such as fines and warnings.
Several countries; New;	Several countries including New Zealand have issued warnings to the members of the public against having involvement with OneCoin.”
several countries; New;	Additionally, several countries including New Zealand and Bulgaria, have warned people about the cryptocurrency scam.
the scheme; the amount;	Although the details of the scheme, including the amount of money and the number of participants involved were not revealed, Lim was accused of using his interior decoration firm to promote the scheme.
electronic devices; cash;	According to The Next Web, Richo was also ordered to forfeit $352,000 in cash, various computers and other electronic devices, and coins and metals he purchased with the bitcoin he stole from his victims.
electronic devices; various computers;	According to The Next Web, Richo was also ordered to forfeit $352,000 in cash, various computers and other electronic devices, and coins and metals he purchased with the bitcoin he stole from his victims.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	As Bitcoinist reported, it was China that led the trend this month, with the country’s traders paying extra for acquiring stablecoin Tether (USDT), their main entry point into Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in a highly restricted market.
Switzerland; Zug;	Cointelegraph spoke with Daniel Haudenschild about his new position, conflicts between the management staff and the developer community in the Crypto Valley and the position of Switzerland, especially Zug, as a global blockchain hub.
issues; conflicts;	This is a strong team and should be able to handle conflicts and other issues that arise now or in the future.
hyperinflationary countries; Venezuela;	Beyond use cases to safeguard of value in hyperinflationary countries such as Venezuela, where people acquire the cryptocurrency to escape the hourly assessment they suffer with their national currency.
transactions; a peak;	“Processed more than 25 million transactions, including a peak of 580,231 transactions per day;”
algorithms; proof-of-work;	Tron, EOS, Ethereum, NEO and other dApp development platforms also use different consensus algorithms such as proof-of-work (PoW), proof-of-stake (PoS), delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS), and delegated Byzantine Fault Tolerance (dBFT).
regulations; the requirement;	As a consequence, when STOs are conducted in or from Mauritius, the offering is regulated by local security regulations, including the requirement for a prospectus.
organizations; the Agency;	According to the press release, the new initiative will involve such organizations as the Agency for Defense Development and the Defense Agency for Technology and Quality.
all-round support; tech;	cooperation agreement, WaykiChain will provide all-round support including tech
all-round support; tech support;	agreement, WaykiChain will provide all-round support including tech support,
ideas; DApps;	Talking about TRON (TRX), the drop is becoming a flood –and the number of innovations on the blockchain network is increasing exponentially, as its DApps and other ideas expand across diverse fields.
data; reviews;	Each profile will become portable and include important hiring data such as reviews, referrals, and recommendations as well as job verifications of third-party licenses and certifications.
data; referrals;	Each profile will become portable and include important hiring data such as reviews, referrals, and recommendations as well as job verifications of third-party licenses and certifications.
digital assets; bitcoin;	The government in Tehran was reportedly preparing to also endorse the importing of hardware equipment used to mint bitcoin and other digital assets.
identification; the requirement;	Since then, we have mandated full customer identification, including the requirement that all customers submit government-issued ID and a “selfie” which is then compared against the ID to ensure a match; we have disabled all accounts not meeting this enhanced verification standard.
DFS; onsite visits;	During the application process, which included extensive engagement with DFS, including onsite visits for a period of four weeks, Bittrex was responsive to all of DFS’ requests for information.
popular exchanges; Kraken;	Even popular exchanges such as Kraken and ShapeShift have opted to move their operations out of city, owing to its regulatory stance.
popular exchanges; ShapeShift;	Even popular exchanges such as Kraken and ShapeShift have opted to move their operations out of city, owing to its regulatory stance.
Companies; Circle;	Companies such as Circle, Coinbase, Robinhood, Gemini, Xapa, and Coinsource, are among those that have been successfully conferred the license.
Companies; Coinbase;	Companies such as Circle, Coinbase, Robinhood, Gemini, Xapa, and Coinsource, are among those that have been successfully conferred the license.
Companies; Robinhood;	Companies such as Circle, Coinbase, Robinhood, Gemini, Xapa, and Coinsource, are among those that have been successfully conferred the license.
Companies; Gemini;	Companies such as Circle, Coinbase, Robinhood, Gemini, Xapa, and Coinsource, are among those that have been successfully conferred the license.
Companies; Xapa;	Companies such as Circle, Coinbase, Robinhood, Gemini, Xapa, and Coinsource, are among those that have been successfully conferred the license.
assets; Bitcoin;	In a big crypto milestone, Coinbase is launching a Visa debit card, allowing users to easily spend their crypto assets, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Litecoin.
assets; Ethereum;	In a big crypto milestone, Coinbase is launching a Visa debit card, allowing users to easily spend their crypto assets, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Litecoin.
assets; XRP;	In a big crypto milestone, Coinbase is launching a Visa debit card, allowing users to easily spend their crypto assets, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Litecoin.
assets; Litecoin;	In a big crypto milestone, Coinbase is launching a Visa debit card, allowing users to easily spend their crypto assets, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP and Litecoin.
the exchange; Bitcoin;	According to the announcement, the new Coinbase Card allows Coinbase users to pay in-store and online using the digital currencies available on the exchange, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC).
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Even cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple are vying for a spot in the cashless world, constantly reinventing themselves in the hope of offering more stable value, and quicker, cheaper settlement.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Even cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Ripple are vying for a spot in the cashless world, constantly reinventing themselves in the hope of offering more stable value, and quicker, cheaper settlement.
Several options; crypto;	Several options including crypto, cash, bank card and mobile payments are options in the poll.
Several options; cash;	Several options including crypto, cash, bank card and mobile payments are options in the poll.
Several options; bank;	Several options including crypto, cash, bank card and mobile payments are options in the poll.
financial technologies; cryptocurrencies;	Christine Lagarde stated that financial technologies such as cryptocurrencies were “shaking the banking system.” She said:
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The card allows UK customers to spend Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and other cryptocurrencies instantly at every Visa-accepting merchant, i.e.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	The card allows UK customers to spend Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and other cryptocurrencies instantly at every Visa-accepting merchant, i.e.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	The card allows UK customers to spend Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and other cryptocurrencies instantly at every Visa-accepting merchant, i.e.
micropayments; lunch;	Another issue is the incentive for people to spend what is essentially a valuable investment for lunch and other micropayments.
MCO; free Spotify;	The Visa cards are powered through the MCO token and offer benefits to users who pay for the subscription through MCO including free Spotify and Netflix.
MCO; Netflix;	The Visa cards are powered through the MCO token and offer benefits to users who pay for the subscription through MCO including free Spotify and Netflix.
top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It tracks top cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH], XRP, Tron [TRX], EOS, and Stellar Lumens [XLM].
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Coinbase Card can now be used to spend Litecoin, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, directly from Coinbase wallet.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Coinbase Card can now be used to spend Litecoin, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, directly from Coinbase wallet.
data; reviews;	In using the Eos.io protocol, Moonlighting user profiles will reportedly preserve key hiring data such as reviews, referrals and endorsements, as well as verification of users’ qualifications.
data; referrals;	In using the Eos.io protocol, Moonlighting user profiles will reportedly preserve key hiring data such as reviews, referrals and endorsements, as well as verification of users’ qualifications.
data; endorsements;	In using the Eos.io protocol, Moonlighting user profiles will reportedly preserve key hiring data such as reviews, referrals and endorsements, as well as verification of users’ qualifications.
new areas; supply;	These include deployment in new areas such as supply and demand balancing, along with cost-saving and contracts.
new areas; demand;	These include deployment in new areas such as supply and demand balancing, along with cost-saving and contracts.
personalities; Buterin;	personalities such as Buterin are taking the time to have fun.
cryptocurrencies; ];	It was reported that the reason behind the loss was the fall of Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies throughout 2018, resulting in low trading volumes.
programs; airdrop competitions;	The firm reportedly implemented a “series of airdrop competitions, raffles, rebates, and other programs” to bring in non-Korean users.
programs; raffles;	The firm reportedly implemented a “series of airdrop competitions, raffles, rebates, and other programs” to bring in non-Korean users.
programs; rebates;	The firm reportedly implemented a “series of airdrop competitions, raffles, rebates, and other programs” to bring in non-Korean users.
supported cryptocurrencies; BTC;	The debit card is powered by the crypto balances of customers’ accounts, allowing them to pay for goods and services using BTC, ETH, XRP, LTC, and other supported cryptocurrencies.
supported cryptocurrencies; ETH;	The debit card is powered by the crypto balances of customers’ accounts, allowing them to pay for goods and services using BTC, ETH, XRP, LTC, and other supported cryptocurrencies.
supported cryptocurrencies; XRP;	The debit card is powered by the crypto balances of customers’ accounts, allowing them to pay for goods and services using BTC, ETH, XRP, LTC, and other supported cryptocurrencies.
supported cryptocurrencies; LTC;	The debit card is powered by the crypto balances of customers’ accounts, allowing them to pay for goods and services using BTC, ETH, XRP, LTC, and other supported cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This has resulted in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies being viewed primarily as stores of value rather than as actual currencies used for traditional means of exchange.
cryptos; XRP;	The card has a £4.95 ($6.50) card issuance fee and will allow customers to pay with Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Ripple’s XRP, and other cryptos held on the exchange.
options; instant receipts;	The app also features account management options such as instant receipts, transaction summaries, and spending categories to better help users manage their money.
options; transaction;	The app also features account management options such as instant receipts, transaction summaries, and spending categories to better help users manage their money.
accept traditional methods; bank;	After Assange’s arrest, various prominent figures in the crypto space started pointing towards the organizations’ donations page, which reveals it doesn’t just accept traditional methods such as bank transfers, but also bitcoin and zcash.
methods; bank;	It currently accepts Bitcoin, ZCash, as well as traditional payment methods including bank cards, and even cash or cheque.
companies; social network;	Since then, several other companies such as social network Gab have followed WikiLeaks’ example.
global developers; Russian dev;	According to Vedomosti, Telegram has opened access to a testing version of TON Blockchain to a limited number of global developers, including Russian dev teams.
different means; offering;	IBM Food Trust lets companies onboard via different means, including offering guided onboarding to help brands customize their solutions and providing IBM Services for consulting companies.
data; systems;	When onboard, members get access to application programming interfaces (APIs) and developer tutorials that make integrations with third-party technologies, enterprise systems, and other data sources easier.
giants; Walmart;	In 2017, IBM partnered with a group of food giants, including Walmart and Unilever, to develop a new blockchain-based solution addressing food safety issues.
giants; Unilever;	In 2017, IBM partnered with a group of food giants, including Walmart and Unilever, to develop a new blockchain-based solution addressing food safety issues.
important hires; Coinbase;	In the announcement, the Bakkt CEO specified other important hires such as Coinbase veteran Adam White, who was appointed as Bakkt founding COO and head of institutional custody and traded products in October 2018.
re reviewing; Bakkt;	Appearing on BlockTV, CFTC Commissioner Dan Berkovitz says he and his team are working very hard on all of the applications they’re reviewing, including Bakkt.
protocols; Bitcoin;	Ouroboros Genesis is a major upgrade to the protocol that underpins Cardano because it is first proof-of-stake protocol that matches the security guarantees of proof-of-work protocols such as Bitcoin.”
Wright; Binance;	Wright has demanded an apology from Hodlonaut, however, most of the Twitter users who are aware of the development have taken a stand against Wright, including Binance CEO.
platforms; Android;	It has also launched an ad trials program that pays users for viewing advertisements and has grown exponentially on Android and other platforms.
many –; Wikipedia;	It still has some way to grow before beating the likes of Chrome, but already many – including Wikipedia co-founder Larry Sanger, are switching to the Brave browser.
various major businesses; Asia;	Perlin, which is already involved in blockchain pilots for various major businesses, including Asia Pacific Rayon, will now gain access to ICC’s members as the organization attempts to bring innovative technologies to the fore.
wing; Amazon;	Now one hundred years old, the ICC counts 45 million businesses under its wing, including Amazon, CocaCola, FedEx, McDonalds and PayPal.
wing; CocaCola;	Now one hundred years old, the ICC counts 45 million businesses under its wing, including Amazon, CocaCola, FedEx, McDonalds and PayPal.
wing; FedEx;	Now one hundred years old, the ICC counts 45 million businesses under its wing, including Amazon, CocaCola, FedEx, McDonalds and PayPal.
wing; McDonalds;	Now one hundred years old, the ICC counts 45 million businesses under its wing, including Amazon, CocaCola, FedEx, McDonalds and PayPal.
wing; PayPal;	Now one hundred years old, the ICC counts 45 million businesses under its wing, including Amazon, CocaCola, FedEx, McDonalds and PayPal.
members; Amazon;	This world’s biggest business organization is in that way, making blockchain technology available to its 45 million members, including Amazon, Coca Cola, Fedex, McDonald’s and PayPal.
members; Coca;	This world’s biggest business organization is in that way, making blockchain technology available to its 45 million members, including Amazon, Coca Cola, Fedex, McDonald’s and PayPal.
issues; money;	The FATF has meanwhile kept up pressure on governments on its list of countries making insufficient progress fighting issues such as money laundering and terrorist financing.
areas; wireless;	CE certification verifies that the device is compliant with EU requirements essential for entering European Economic Area markets in areas such as wireless, electromagnetic compatibility, health, safety and environmental protection standards
areas; electromagnetic compatibility;	CE certification verifies that the device is compliant with EU requirements essential for entering European Economic Area markets in areas such as wireless, electromagnetic compatibility, health, safety and environmental protection standards
areas; health;	CE certification verifies that the device is compliant with EU requirements essential for entering European Economic Area markets in areas such as wireless, electromagnetic compatibility, health, safety and environmental protection standards
areas; safety;	CE certification verifies that the device is compliant with EU requirements essential for entering European Economic Area markets in areas such as wireless, electromagnetic compatibility, health, safety and environmental protection standards
areas; environmental protection;	CE certification verifies that the device is compliant with EU requirements essential for entering European Economic Area markets in areas such as wireless, electromagnetic compatibility, health, safety and environmental protection standards
risks; money;	As Financial Times reported, the currency will form ‘strong knowledge base of the technology’ and let the staff of both organizations deeper understand the blockchain-based goods, smart contracts, and transparency, as well as challenges that the technology faces and its risks such as money laundering and fraud.
cryptographic assets; Bitcoin;	According to a report from the Financial Times, published on April 12th, the digital currency being developed by the IMF and World Bank will be referred to as the “Learning Coin.” The coin project has been launched in order to conduct research and learn more about the core technologies that have been used to implement cryptographic assets such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH).
research; educational blogs;	This interface will allow users to access educational blogs, videos, presentations, and other research materials related to the development of the Learning Coin.
research; videos;	This interface will allow users to access educational blogs, videos, presentations, and other research materials related to the development of the Learning Coin.
research; presentations;	This interface will allow users to access educational blogs, videos, presentations, and other research materials related to the development of the Learning Coin.
illicit activities; money;	Notably, the IMF and World Bank are also planning to study blockchain-based smart contracts and how they can be used to prevent illicit activities including money laundering and the financing of terrorism.
algorithms; NCA;	Nexledger provides developers with flexibility and freedom of choice: they can opt for the most appropriate variants from different blockchain core technologies and consensus algorithms including NCA (Nexledger Consensus Algorithm), Hyperledger Fabric and Ethereum.
efforts; this collaboration;	Enterprise efforts such as this collaboration with Tech Mahindra indicates that the company sees a lot of potential in the space, and their two-pronged approach of both consumer and enterprise support shows that their involvement is quite serious.
social media; Twitter;	The ongoing dispute on Twitter and other social media platforms has caught the attention of perhaps one of the most prominent proponents of the cryptocurrency industry – the CEO of the world’s leading cryptocurrency exchange, Binance – Changpeng Zhao.
Others; Bitcoin;	Others, including Bitcoin Magazine, adopted the hashtag #WeAreAllHodlonaut while a fundraising campaign launched to help the Twitter user counter the lawsuit.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	The cryptocurrency market saw a sudden rise in the prices of most cryptocurrencies, including XRP and Stellar Lumens [XLM], on April 15.
cryptocurrencies; Stellar Lumens;	The cryptocurrency market saw a sudden rise in the prices of most cryptocurrencies, including XRP and Stellar Lumens [XLM], on April 15.
the world; Europe;	Though based in Japan, ST Blockchain Fund interests investors from around the world, including Europe and the United States.
the world; the United;	Though based in Japan, ST Blockchain Fund interests investors from around the world, including Europe and the United States.
platform; EOS;	This, as Karbowiak says, came only after months-long debates and arguments related to how a decentralized platform such as EOS should be managed.
whale EOS; BPs;	Moreover, BPs and other whale EOS token holders have been thought to have true influence on the rankings.”
cases; the company;	Moving forward, Binance believes BNB will continue to increase in value, driven by routine token burns and a growing number of use cases, including the company’s token launch platform and soon-to-launch decentralized exchange.
rivals; Rakuten;	Founded in 1999, Monex was reportedly once the country’s most popular online brokerage, but has since reportedly been eclipsed by rivals such as Rakuten, SBI Holdings and Mastui.
rivals; SBI;	Founded in 1999, Monex was reportedly once the country’s most popular online brokerage, but has since reportedly been eclipsed by rivals such as Rakuten, SBI Holdings and Mastui.
actors; Luke;	actors such as Luke Hemsworth (Westworld), Alexis Bledel (Sin City), Jill
BRICS; India;	In July 2018, major banks from India and other BRICS nation, Brazil, Russia, China, and South Africa, had signed a Memorandum of Understanding for developing distributed ledger technology to enhance the digital economy.
new technologies; blockchain;	According to Cryptopost, Mahindra trained 70% of its employees to handle new technologies, including blockchain, Artificial Intelligence [AI], Internet of Things and cybersecurity.
new technologies; Artificial;	According to Cryptopost, Mahindra trained 70% of its employees to handle new technologies, including blockchain, Artificial Intelligence [AI], Internet of Things and cybersecurity.
APAC; Korean;	“This partnership will also enhance our reach in Korean, India and other APAC markets, maximize the joint offerings through a combination of respective platforms, Tech Mahindra’s System Integration skills and Innovation centres in India.”
APAC; India;	“This partnership will also enhance our reach in Korean, India and other APAC markets, maximize the joint offerings through a combination of respective platforms, Tech Mahindra’s System Integration skills and Innovation centres in India.”
chain; the varieties;	Using the QR code on the product’s packaging, each consumer will be able to use a secure platform on their smartphone to access information on the production supply chain, including the varieties of potato used, the dates and places of manufacture, information on quality control, and places and dates of storage before the product reaches the shelves.
blockchain; firms;	This is a method employed by many exchange firms and other blockchain ventures to blow up their trading volumes.
solutions; LN;	The blog post lastly underscores that the support will lay the groundwork for solutions such as LN — a second-layer solution to bitcoin’s scalability limitations, which works by opening payment channels between users that keep the majority of transactions off-chain.
factors; “ Commitment;	The post cited an array of factors, including “Commitment of team to project, Level of public communication, Evidence of unethical / fraudulent conduct, and Contribution to a healthy and sustainable crypto ecosystem,” as a way to back its removal of the cryptocurrency.
critics; host;	Further, Wright last week issued legal notices to several of his critics, including host of the crypto podcast What Bitcoin Did, Peter McCormack, who has publicly asserted that Wright is not the inventor of Bitcoin.
s; the same demand;	McCormack published his letter, which read similarly to Hodlonaut’s, including the same demand for an apology.
similar products; exchanges;	Following that, many influencers, including Anthony Pompliano, led a call for Bitcoin SV to be delisted from all major cryptocurrency exchanges and other similar products.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Arthur Hayes, the co-founder and CEO of BitMEX, a cryptocurrency exchange popularly known for trading Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with up to 100x leverage, was recently interviewed by Luke Martin, a prominent crypto analyst and trader.
random; market;	Explaining why, the co-founder said that derivatives trading requires significant liquidity in the spot market, and other random cryptocurrencies do not provide this liquidity.
online stores; Alibaba;	Today, Today’s Gazette announced that Bitcoin Superstore has devised a means for cryptocurrency enthusiasts to buy goods using cryptos on over 200,000 online stores including Alibaba, eBay, Amazon and some other prominent stores worldwide.
online stores; eBay;	Today, Today’s Gazette announced that Bitcoin Superstore has devised a means for cryptocurrency enthusiasts to buy goods using cryptos on over 200,000 online stores including Alibaba, eBay, Amazon and some other prominent stores worldwide.
online stores; Amazon;	Today, Today’s Gazette announced that Bitcoin Superstore has devised a means for cryptocurrency enthusiasts to buy goods using cryptos on over 200,000 online stores including Alibaba, eBay, Amazon and some other prominent stores worldwide.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoins;	In March 2018, the German National Tourist Board announced that it takes bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies as payment for its services.
clients; the new initiative;	With the new initiative, SMEs and other clients of Corporate Traveller will now be able to pay for their business travel booking with the flagship cryptocurrency, bitcoin.
clients; SMEs;	With the new initiative, SMEs and other clients of Corporate Traveller will now be able to pay for their business travel booking with the flagship cryptocurrency, bitcoin.
solutions; BTCPayServer;	Open-source (and sel-hosted) solutions such as BTCPayServer can provide merchants with a more custom solution while retaining more control over the processing experience such as better fee estimation.
airlines; Japan;	Other platforms such as Travelbybit, and even airlines such as Japan’s Peach and AirBaltic have been accepting bitcoin for quite some time now.
factors; “ Commitment;	A blog post on the matter cited an array of factors, including “Commitment of team to project, Level of public communication, Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct, and Contribution to a healthy and sustainable crypto ecosystem,” as a way to back its removal of BSV.
entities; Binance;	The Canadian businessman recently took to Twitter to bash Binance and other entities pitting themselves against BSV’s camp.
entities; Buterin;	Calvin Ayre seems calm, as does Craig Wright, who recently announced an actual lawsuit against Vitalik Buterin and other entities.
exchanges; the charge;	De-listing season has arrived with Binance leading the charge and other exchanges trailing behind.
companies; Blockchain;	Hohl, who previously served at various IT and finance companies, including Blockchain’s parent company Swisscom, business consulting firm BearingPoint, consultancy group Sofgen, and management consulting company Synpulse, will now lead the firm’s blockchain strategy and facilitate the further development of the company.
Central American nations; Mexico;	Data compiled by Coin Dance shows the record-high trading volume occurred in the week ending April 13, 2019, days after a senior official of President Donald Trump’s administration told reporters that a plan to stop remittances to Mexico and other Central American nations was not off the table.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Source: Coin.danceIncreasing sanctions and threats to economic stability in Mexico and its neighbors have prompted people to adopt Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as both a means of payment and a store of value.
privacy-focused developments; zero-knowledge;	Bulletproofs represents an extended technology for ING’s previous blockchain privacy-focused developments such as zero-knowledge range proof (ZKRP) and zero-knowledge set membership (ZKSM).
numerous firms; Harvard;	Despite this, they have gone on to partner with numerous firms such as Harvard and Levi Strauss and work on numerous projects.
numerous firms; Levi;	Despite this, they have gone on to partner with numerous firms such as Harvard and Levi Strauss and work on numerous projects.
economies; Italy;	Many countries in the EU are reviewing blockchain and digital asset adoption to boost their economies, including Italy and Germany.
economies; Germany;	Many countries in the EU are reviewing blockchain and digital asset adoption to boost their economies, including Italy and Germany.
services; remittance;	In addition, crypto services such as remittance, asset management, advisory, and underwriting are also included.
services; asset;	In addition, crypto services such as remittance, asset management, advisory, and underwriting are also included.
activities; income;	Japan’s tax authority is weighing a proposal that would impose different taxes on various types of cryptocurrency activities, including income earned, trading gain or loss, crypto-to-crypto trading (tax exemption), small crypto settlements and purchases.
a pleasant feature; cash;	As Rakuten has such a pleasant feature as cash back it may provide good incentives to clients who pay using their Rakuten Wallet accounts.
inefficiencies; these flaws;	It comprehensively looks at all the ways in which trading bots have exploited these flaws and other inefficiencies to give some traders an edge over their peers.
centralized giants; Binance;	Additionally, centralized giants such as Binance have delved into DEXes, with more heavyweights likely to take the plunge.
practices; frontrunning;	The authors of the report, however, point out that practices such as frontrunning (where information asymmetries are exploited by those who have privileged access of user information) also exists in traditional exchanges and not just in decentralized exchanges.
practices; front;	These firms then use this advantage to engage in practices such as front running, which essentially enables their automated trading programs to see other investors’ orders and place their own orders first.
unethical practices; wash trading;	As reported by BTCManager on March 25, 2019, research revealed that the majority of unregulated exchange platforms regularly partake in unethical practices such as wash trading and artificial inflation of trading volume of digital currencies.
unethical practices; artificial inflation;	As reported by BTCManager on March 25, 2019, research revealed that the majority of unregulated exchange platforms regularly partake in unethical practices such as wash trading and artificial inflation of trading volume of digital currencies.
notable names; Chalie;	Back in April 2018, a group littered with notable names such as Chalie Shrem, Alistair Milne and Pierre Rochard, aimed to bring a lawsuit against Ver and Bitcoin.com.
important recent milestones; a robust set;	The launch of Algorand’s public testnet comes on the heels of several other important recent milestones, including a robust set of developer resources that continues to expand.
advanced blockchain; Algorand;	“Our involvement in Algorand’s private TestNet offered a glimpse into the value that a mature and technically advanced blockchain such as Algorand can bring to our business,” said Steve Wei, founder, and CEO of TOP Network.
firms; Pillar;	This, after receiving around $66 million in total funding in 2018 from several venture capital firms including Pillar and Union Square Ventures.
firms; Union;	This, after receiving around $66 million in total funding in 2018 from several venture capital firms including Pillar and Union Square Ventures.
possible technical issues; vulnerabilities;	During the software testing period, hundreds of developers ran the beta release of the Algorand platform - in order to check for potential security vulnerabilities and other possible technical issues.
investors; Blume;	Unocoin raised almost $1.5 million from investors, including Blume Ventures, Bitcoin Capital and several others.
areas; compliance;	But, the industry has shown signs of growth and improvement in areas such as compliance and institutionalization, which may be seen as a positive indicator of growth for investors.
areas; institutionalization;	But, the industry has shown signs of growth and improvement in areas such as compliance and institutionalization, which may be seen as a positive indicator of growth for investors.
factors; “ Commitment;	A blog post on the matter cited an array of factors, including “Commitment of team to project, Level of public communication, Evidence of unethical/fraudulent conduct, and Contribution to a healthy and sustainable crypto ecosystem,” as a way to back its removal of the cryptocurrency.
exchanges; Bittrex;	In addition to Binance, exchanges such as Bittrex and Bithumb have launched dedicated OTC trading desks.
exchanges; Bithumb;	In addition to Binance, exchanges such as Bittrex and Bithumb have launched dedicated OTC trading desks.
startups; blockchain;	Sirin Labs founder Moshe Hogeg has been in the news quite frequently following the failure of several other startups including blockchain startup Stox (STX) blockchain platform.
major blockchains; QTUM;	“To easily onboard new users, the new EOS DEX is launched with a proprietary staking system, which pays the network fees for the users while they interact with the exchange contract,” stated the Switcheo team “This first-of-its-kind system will allow users to trade on Switcheo without staking their own EOS tokens” Switcheo is the first non-custodial exchange to support both the NEO and Ethereum (ETH) blockchains and is currently planning to add support for other major blockchains, including QTUM and Zilliqa (ZIL).
major blockchains; Zilliqa;	“To easily onboard new users, the new EOS DEX is launched with a proprietary staking system, which pays the network fees for the users while they interact with the exchange contract,” stated the Switcheo team “This first-of-its-kind system will allow users to trade on Switcheo without staking their own EOS tokens” Switcheo is the first non-custodial exchange to support both the NEO and Ethereum (ETH) blockchains and is currently planning to add support for other major blockchains, including QTUM and Zilliqa (ZIL).
space; supply;	Forbes’ list includes companies from a wide array of industries involved in the cryptocurrency or blockchain development space, including supply chains management firms, traditional financial firms like banks, food companies, technology companies, and more.
cryptocurrency-related companies; Abra;	The Taiwan-based company has also invested over $40 million in several blockchain and cryptocurrency-related companies including Abra, Galaxy Digital, Cambridge Blockchain and Digital Currency Group.
cryptocurrency-related companies; Galaxy;	The Taiwan-based company has also invested over $40 million in several blockchain and cryptocurrency-related companies including Abra, Galaxy Digital, Cambridge Blockchain and Digital Currency Group.
various industries; apparel;	Corporations across various industries, including apparel, automotive, perishables and electronics, are exploring blockchain to uphold the quality of their products as they move along the supply chain.
proprietary projects; consortiums;	“With assistance from industry consultants and other experts, Forbes‘ team of reporters and editors identified more than 100 big companies actively exploring blockchain through industry consortiums and other proprietary projects,” reads the article.
frameworks; Ethereum;	VMware (VMW): Project Concord, a new blockchain, which supports multiple frameworks such as Ethereum
corporations; an array;	According to a recent report/list from Forbes, some of the world’s largest corporations, including an array of prominent technology firms, have forayed into this space, quietly throwing human capital and money at this innovation to find something that sticks.
corporate-friendly ledgers; Ethereum;	Forbes’ Michael del Castillo claims that Allianz, Citigroup, JP Morgan, and Fidelity are all playing with this technology, especially with enterprise versions of Ethereum and other corporate-friendly ledgers.
this newfangled technology; digital assets;	However, it seems that retail adoption of this newfangled technology, especially digital assets themselves, are right around the corner.
blockchain; several high-profile technology;	A new article by Forbes shows that over 50% of Forbes billion dollar firms are working with the Ethereum blockchain, including several high-profile technology firms.
proprietary projects; consortiums;	Forbes’ team of reporters and editors found more than 100 big companies actively exploring blockchain through industry consortiums and other proprietary projects.
this newfangled technology; digital assets;	However, it seems that retail adoption of this newfangled technology, especially digital assets themselves, are right around the corner.
exchanges; Coinbase;	It was improbable for an exchange to delist Bitcoin Cash, however, considering the coin was already trading on leading cryptocurrency exchanges, including Coinbase, for close to two years.
the cathedral rebuilding; GoFundMe;	National Public Radio (NPR) has reported about several other international campaigns raising funds for the cathedral rebuilding, including GoFundMe and La Fondation Avenir du Patrimoine à Paris.
the cathedral rebuilding; La;	National Public Radio (NPR) has reported about several other international campaigns raising funds for the cathedral rebuilding, including GoFundMe and La Fondation Avenir du Patrimoine à Paris.
names; the Bettencourt;	Per NPR, hundreds of millions of dollars have already been contributed by some of France’s wealthiest names, including the Bettencourt Meyers family, Bernard Arnault and François Pinault.
the French government; President;	While the French government including President Emmanuel Macron pledged support towards rebuilding the beloved cathedral, the Minister for Digital Affairs in France, Cedric O, signaled consideration for crypto donation from benefactors as digital currencies continue to get more embrace across the world.
features; smart contracts;	Another new product unveiled by the company was GiGA Chain Blockchain-as-a-Service (BaaS) which allows companies to deploy blockchain for their various processes and make use of features such as smart contracts without the need for intermediaries.
classes; art;	According to him, traditional asset classes such as art and property will also be tokenized.
classes; property;	According to him, traditional asset classes such as art and property will also be tokenized.
selling; Bitcoin;	There will be six cryptocurrencies supported for buying and selling, including Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), XRP, Litecoin (LTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Dash.
fiat currencies; pounds;	Users will be able to trade the virtual currencies against fiat currencies such as pounds Sterling (GBP) or the US Dollar (USD).
others; the USD;	Tether (USDT) is the largest one in the market at the time of writing, but there are others such as the USD Coin (USDC) or the Gemini USD (GUSD).
users; copy;	The company is already offering many different features for users, including copy trading and others.
several forms; eToro;	The platform’s token takes several forms including eToro United States Dollar (USDEX), eToro Japanese Yen (JPYX), and eToro Euro (EURX).
currencies; the eToro;	The firm is additionally issuing eToro-branded tokens pegged to eight fiat currencies, including the eToro United States dollar (USDEX), eToro Japanese yen (JPYX) and eToro Euro (EURX), with others available for pounds Sterling; Australian, Canadian and New Zealand dollars; and the Swiss franc.
classes; tokenized art;	“In time, we will see the tokenization of all traditional asset classes, as well as the emergence of new asset classes such as tokenized art, property or even IP.
classes; property;	“In time, we will see the tokenization of all traditional asset classes, as well as the emergence of new asset classes such as tokenized art, property or even IP.
securities; bills;	In the filing, Arca specified that the initial net asset value (NAV) of its UST tokens will be $1, with at least 80% of the fund planned to be invested in U.S. Treasury securities such as bills, bonds and notes issued by the U.S. Treasury.
securities; bonds;	In the filing, Arca specified that the initial net asset value (NAV) of its UST tokens will be $1, with at least 80% of the fund planned to be invested in U.S. Treasury securities such as bills, bonds and notes issued by the U.S. Treasury.
securities; notes;	In the filing, Arca specified that the initial net asset value (NAV) of its UST tokens will be $1, with at least 80% of the fund planned to be invested in U.S. Treasury securities such as bills, bonds and notes issued by the U.S. Treasury.
instruments; bonds;	The rest is set to be invested in other types of fixed income instruments, including bonds and debt securities issued inside and outside the U.S., the document reads.
instruments; debt;	The rest is set to be invested in other types of fixed income instruments, including bonds and debt securities issued inside and outside the U.S., the document reads.
an underlying asset; the U.S.;	The company further stated that the NAV of Arca UST Coins will have little volatility, comparing the asset with increasingly popular stablecoins — a type of cryptocurrency whose value is pegged to an underlying asset such as the U.S. dollar or other fiat currencies.
equivalents; money;	“Investment Strategy: will be invested in cash or cash equivalents including money market instruments, commercial paper, bank certificates of deposit, banker’s acceptances, and repurchase agreements collateralized by Treasury Securities”.
debt; sovereign debt;	Additionally, debt, especially sovereign debt, is reaching all-time highs.
exchanges; Binance;	However, things took a turn for the worse over the past few days after BSV receives a wave of de-listings from the largest exchanges including Binance and ShapeShift, with Kraken following suit.
exchanges; ShapeShift;	However, things took a turn for the worse over the past few days after BSV receives a wave of de-listings from the largest exchanges including Binance and ShapeShift, with Kraken following suit.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Bitcoin and other digital assets are having another good day following a brief lull in recent upwards momentum.
community; some exchange;	This behaviour has angered much of the wider crypto community including some exchange executives:
exchanges; Binance;	Finally, some find it odd that Binance and other exchanges have chosen to delist Bitcoin SV and not a load of other assets that they feel are equally suspect.
community; Changpeng;	His claims haven’t earned him many friends in the crypto community, including Changpeng Zhao who stated that the token could be delisted if his claims did not stop.
erratic behavior; fraudulent claims;	Kraken cited erratic behavior such as fraudulent claims, threats and legal action as the catalyst behind the delisting.
erratic behavior; threats;	Kraken cited erratic behavior such as fraudulent claims, threats and legal action as the catalyst behind the delisting.
erratic behavior; legal action;	Kraken cited erratic behavior such as fraudulent claims, threats and legal action as the catalyst behind the delisting.
users; renowned figures;	The #delistBSV movement has triggered various responses from crypto Twitter users, including renowned figures, such as Vitalik Buterin and Charles Hoskinson.
cases; the supply;	The tool, codenamed Nightfall, has been in development for a year and saw the participation of 200 blockchain developers, and focused on a variety of particular use cases, including the supply chain, food tracking and finance.
aspects; potential malware;	EY states it has created a list of over 250 standard tests, which cover aspects such as potential malware and coding errors, as well as verifying whether tokens conform to accepted industry standards.
aspects; coding;	EY states it has created a list of over 250 standard tests, which cover aspects such as potential malware and coding errors, as well as verifying whether tokens conform to accepted industry standards.
privacy; Monero;	Dubbed “EY Ops Chain Public Edition,” the technology uses zero-knowledge proofs to give permissions to transaction information similar to Monero and other privacy coins.
companies; Facebook;	No single major cryptocurrency or crypto project has a private source code unless you count projects launched by companies such as Facebook, Telegram, and JP Morgan, none of which currently count toward the global market capitalization of cryptocurrencies as a whole.
companies; Telegram;	No single major cryptocurrency or crypto project has a private source code unless you count projects launched by companies such as Facebook, Telegram, and JP Morgan, none of which currently count toward the global market capitalization of cryptocurrencies as a whole.
peripheral fields; administration;	Examples of successful deployment of private blockchains can be found in administration, finance, and other peripheral fields.
peripheral fields; finance;	Examples of successful deployment of private blockchains can be found in administration, finance, and other peripheral fields.
enhanced analytics; trend;	The first generation of the EY Blockchain Analyzer was designed to facilitate EY audit teams in gathering an organization’s entire transaction data from multiple blockchain ledgers, to reconcile that data to EY clients’ books and records and to perform enhanced analytics, including trend analysis and identification of outliers.
multiple purposes; audit;	“With the second generation of EY Blockchain Analyzer, we are building a true platform solution that can be used for multiple purposes such as audit, tax, and transaction monitoring, depending on client needs.
multiple purposes; tax;	“With the second generation of EY Blockchain Analyzer, we are building a true platform solution that can be used for multiple purposes such as audit, tax, and transaction monitoring, depending on client needs.
Summit; the release;	In addition to the second generation of EY Blockchain Analyzer, EY has announced a suite of blockchain solutions and upgrades at the EY Global Blockchain Summit, including the release of the first generation of EY Ops Chain Public Edition into the public domain, as well as the launch of EY Smart Contract Analyzer and the second generation of EY Ops Chain.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Compared to the traditional route of money remittance, cryptocurrencies such as XRP offer increased speed and severely reduced fees.
several peer-to-peer platforms; Localbitcoins;	Coin Dance has highlighted several peer-to-peer platforms such as Localbitcoins, Paxful and Bisq as a popular exchanges for users looking to send remittance via cryptocurrency.
several peer-to-peer platforms; Paxful;	Coin Dance has highlighted several peer-to-peer platforms such as Localbitcoins, Paxful and Bisq as a popular exchanges for users looking to send remittance via cryptocurrency.
several peer-to-peer platforms; Bisq;	Coin Dance has highlighted several peer-to-peer platforms such as Localbitcoins, Paxful and Bisq as a popular exchanges for users looking to send remittance via cryptocurrency.
various cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	These points were purchasable in various cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, USDT, ether, EOS, Binance’s BNB, and Huobi’s HT.
various cryptocurrencies; USDT;	These points were purchasable in various cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin, USDT, ether, EOS, Binance’s BNB, and Huobi’s HT.
”; “ passwords;	For instance, “security schemes” such as “passwords” which are “subject to this factor,” make it “impossible to create logs of user activity that are verifiable by anyone other than the party and the counterparty,” Block.one’s blog stated.
users; cryptographic signing;	As described in its blog post, Block.one noted that a Pass Manager could be implemented using “a blend of technologies [that could] work in tandem to produce superior security and usability for users, including cryptographic signing, hardware keys, and biometrics for credential security, as well as a transport-agnostic protocol for portability.”
users; hardware;	As described in its blog post, Block.one noted that a Pass Manager could be implemented using “a blend of technologies [that could] work in tandem to produce superior security and usability for users, including cryptographic signing, hardware keys, and biometrics for credential security, as well as a transport-agnostic protocol for portability.”
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The central bank official also revealed that centralized institutions are yet to understand the importance of the deflationary approach cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin have taken.
cryptocurrencies; scalability;	At the time, Roubini argued that CBDCs held more advantages over cryptocurrencies including scalability and cost-effectiveness.
cryptocurrencies; cost-effectiveness;	At the time, Roubini argued that CBDCs held more advantages over cryptocurrencies including scalability and cost-effectiveness.
illicit activities; laundering;	Romanian authorities have last year revealed they suspected the country’s “resist” movement could’ve been involved in money laundering and other illicit activities.
entities; Vitalik;	After suffering the repeated indignity of most people in the crypto community refuting these claims, Wright recently stepped up the conflict by filing lawsuits against a number of individuals and entities, including Vitalik Buterin and this very website - Chepicap.com.
platforms; Binance;	Wright's actions have led to much criticism, as well as a number of leading trading platforms including Binance delisting Bitcoin Cash SV, the Bitcoin hardfork that he is one of the primary backers of.
competitors; Ethereum;	In this field, TRON has a strong advantage in terms of growth because it is the blockchain that registers the highest amount of new dapps every day, surpassing other competitors such as Ethereum, NEO, EOS or Steem.
competitors; NEO;	In this field, TRON has a strong advantage in terms of growth because it is the blockchain that registers the highest amount of new dapps every day, surpassing other competitors such as Ethereum, NEO, EOS or Steem.
competitors; EOS;	In this field, TRON has a strong advantage in terms of growth because it is the blockchain that registers the highest amount of new dapps every day, surpassing other competitors such as Ethereum, NEO, EOS or Steem.
competitors; Steem;	In this field, TRON has a strong advantage in terms of growth because it is the blockchain that registers the highest amount of new dapps every day, surpassing other competitors such as Ethereum, NEO, EOS or Steem.
TRC-based tokens; TRX;	More people will be able to trade TRX, BTT and other TRC-based tokens through the TRC20 based USDT pair, creating liquidity.
TRC-based tokens; BTT;	More people will be able to trade TRX, BTT and other TRC-based tokens through the TRC20 based USDT pair, creating liquidity.
blockchain; Quorum;	From J.P. Morgan they said they are encouraged by the formation of the Token Taxonomy Initiative, given the developments with Quorum and other blockchain initiatives at the firm.
commodities; barrels;	The second source was his involvement in Microsoft’s Azure platform and during that time he came in contact with many people in the industry who were trying to tokenize commodities such as barrels of oil.
systems; Windows;	Gray added that businesses would be able to “grab a non-fungible token and drag it over and then start from a pallet of behaviors” and “drag those behaviors.” This, in a manner which would be similar to how “drag and drop” works on GUI-based operating systems such as Windows and Linux.
systems; Linux;	Gray added that businesses would be able to “grab a non-fungible token and drag it over and then start from a pallet of behaviors” and “drag those behaviors.” This, in a manner which would be similar to how “drag and drop” works on GUI-based operating systems such as Windows and Linux.
literary figures; ‘;	The many stages of the Cardano development are inspired by a number of literary figures such as ‘Byron’ phase which was inspired by Lord Byron, the romantic poet.
benefits; life;	The solution also provides customers an array of employee benefits including life, short and long-term disability, accidental, and healthcare insurance.
BTC-backed financial products; bitcoin-backed short-term bonds;	Hayes also recently told Venture Coinist’s Luke Martin that BitMEX is investigating the possibility of launching bitcoin-backed short-term bonds and other BTC-backed financial products.
well-studied cryptographic techniques; commitments;	Bolt eliminates the linkage between payments within a channel, using well-studied cryptographic techniques such as commitments, blind signatures, and zero-knowledge proofs.
well-studied cryptographic techniques; blind;	Bolt eliminates the linkage between payments within a channel, using well-studied cryptographic techniques such as commitments, blind signatures, and zero-knowledge proofs.
space; Phil;	The firm was founded by some well-known heavy hitters in the technology space such as Phil Chen, the founder of HTC Vive, the tech giant’s virtual reality headset business, and Edith Yeung, who is a well-known Silicon Valley advisor, as well.
the world; Binance;	Proof of Capital has already invested in some of the most well-known cryptocurrency companies in the world, including Binance, Digital Currency Group, Blockstream, and more.
the world; Digital;	Proof of Capital has already invested in some of the most well-known cryptocurrency companies in the world, including Binance, Digital Currency Group, Blockstream, and more.
play; “ remittances;	Chen is also interested in blockchain use cases that are already in play, including “remittances and identity-proofs.”
play; identity-proofs;	Chen is also interested in blockchain use cases that are already in play, including “remittances and identity-proofs.”
cryptocurrencies; ];	Bitcoin [BTC] and other cryptocurrencies have been in the news because of positive developments as well as instances of fraudsters using the decentralized property of the digital assets to conduct nefarious activities.
the dark web; firearms;	Mathew Phan had used Bitcoin to fund his business of purchasing illicit items on the dark web such as firearms and pharmaceuticals.
the dark web; pharmaceuticals;	Mathew Phan had used Bitcoin to fund his business of purchasing illicit items on the dark web such as firearms and pharmaceuticals.
illegal drugs; counterfeit;	The trio was also charged with operating bogus storefronts on the dark web that sold illegal drugs, including counterfeit Xanax tablets, the DA’s Office announced in a statement.
multiple felonies; money-laundering;	Chester Anderson, Jarrett Codd, and Ronald MacCarty were indicted with multiple felonies, including money-laundering, identity theft, and criminal sale of a controlled substance to buyers in 43 states.
multiple felonies; identity;	Chester Anderson, Jarrett Codd, and Ronald MacCarty were indicted with multiple felonies, including money-laundering, identity theft, and criminal sale of a controlled substance to buyers in 43 states.
business; multiple Manhattan;	When mailing the counterfeit drugs to purchasers, the defendants used return addresses that falsely identified the sender as a New York City business, including multiple Manhattan law firms.
some major local exchanges; Zebpay;	Due to the ban, some major local exchanges such as Zebpay had to shut down its operations.
customers; India;	A leading US Coinbase exchange spreads the word that is has added 11 more countries to its list of customers, including India, where the RBI last year banned banks from working with any crypto company
countries; India;	By CCN.com: Coinbase, one of the biggest crypto exchanges in the global market reportedly valued at $8 billion, has launched crypto-to-crypto trading in 53 countries including India, South Korea, Hong Kong, and Australia, stepping into the territory of Binance.
countries; South;	By CCN.com: Coinbase, one of the biggest crypto exchanges in the global market reportedly valued at $8 billion, has launched crypto-to-crypto trading in 53 countries including India, South Korea, Hong Kong, and Australia, stepping into the territory of Binance.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	In the early days of crypto, the overwhelming majority of investors used fiat currencies like the U.S. dollar to acquire bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
tokens; Augur;	The recent listing of tokens such as Augur (REP), 0x (ZRX), Basic Attention Token (BAT), and others indicate the intent of the Coinbase team to prepare for the arrival of a new phase in the cryptocurrency market.
holdings; powerboats;	“Either Shrem has been incredibly lucky and successful since leaving prison, or — more likely — he ‘acquired’ his six properties, two Maseratis, two powerboats and other holdings with the appreciated value of the 5,000 Bitcoin he stole from,” stated the lawsuit document.
costs; own legal fees;	The document also added that the Winklevoss Capital Fund and Charlie Shrem would pay their own legal fees and other costs.
regions; Mexico;	The San Francisco-based exchange announced Wednesday that it was expanding its trading operations to eleven more regions, including Mexico, India, and Hong Kong.
regions; India;	The San Francisco-based exchange announced Wednesday that it was expanding its trading operations to eleven more regions, including Mexico, India, and Hong Kong.
bullish alternatives; Bitcoin;	Traders switched their XRP units for better bullish alternatives such as Bitcoin Cash (BCH) and Litecoin (LTC).
campaigns; a recent campaign;	The major crypto exchange has already launched a number of crypto-powered donation campaigns, including a recent campaign to support students in schools across Rwanda, Kenya and Ethiopia.
operational protocols; robust security;	This incident caused the FSA to adopt even stricter regulations as the Agency tried to lead the charge for more robust security and other operational protocols for cryptocurrency exchanges.
nefarious attacks; Fansmitter;	By changing the person in-control, it can become harder to carry out a MitM attack and other nefarious attacks such as Fansmitter, which broadcasts the information, unencrypted, using fan speed noise.
blockchains; FIO;	Moreover, the report explains that FIO and other blockchains are providing a decentralized layer for messaging, communication and workflow.
Interested parties; cryptocurrency;	Interested parties such as cryptocurrency wallets, exchanges and payment processors can learn more about becoming a member of the foundation.
networks; Visa;	In a blog post setting out its vision, Bolt Labs said it wants to create “scalable, fast and private payment networks that are as pervasive and rival traditional payment networks such as Visa.”
protocols; the Lightning;	While Bolt Labs said second-layer blockchain protocols such as the Lightning Network have achieved “remarkable” growth, the startup said Lightning’s payment channels are not private by default, meaning information about payees can be leaked.
countries; Australia;	On the same day that REP was listed, Coinbase revealed that they now support crypto-to-crypto trading in 11 more countries, including Australia, Japan, and India.
countries; Japan;	On the same day that REP was listed, Coinbase revealed that they now support crypto-to-crypto trading in 11 more countries, including Australia, Japan, and India.
problems; low liquidity;	plagued with problems such as low liquidity, latency and poor user interfaces.
problems; latency;	plagued with problems such as low liquidity, latency and poor user interfaces.
problems; poor user;	plagued with problems such as low liquidity, latency and poor user interfaces.
networks; WeChat;	These clients are mainly users of some of China’s largest social media and news media networks including WeChat, Jinri Toutiao, and Weibo.
networks; Jinri;	These clients are mainly users of some of China’s largest social media and news media networks including WeChat, Jinri Toutiao, and Weibo.
unfavorable factors; conditions;	Coinnest, a leading South Korean exchange, and bitcoin trading venue have announced it’s closing shop due to challenging market conditions and other unfavorable factors that have hampered its continued growth, according to a press release by the firm on April 18, 2019.
virtual currencies; bitcoin;	In another sad event for the firm, in January 2019, Coinnest tried airdropping We Game Tokens (WGT) to its users, however, the entire process went awfully wrong and the exchange ended up transferring millions of dollars worth of bitcoin and other virtual currencies to its clients instead.
exchanges; Singapore-based Huobi;	Tron will reportedly be settling the matter with digital currency exchanges including Singapore-based Huobi, Hong Kong-based OKEx and others, starting from April 30th until the beginning of August.
exchanges; Hong;	Tron will reportedly be settling the matter with digital currency exchanges including Singapore-based Huobi, Hong Kong-based OKEx and others, starting from April 30th until the beginning of August.
spheres; media;	As today Mithril is actively expanding across different real-world sectors through Mithril Merchant Network partners including such spheres as media and entertainment, food and beverage, retail clothing, and events management, the issues of speed, security, and user-friendliness are really vital for the success of the entire ecosystem.
spheres; entertainment;	As today Mithril is actively expanding across different real-world sectors through Mithril Merchant Network partners including such spheres as media and entertainment, food and beverage, retail clothing, and events management, the issues of speed, security, and user-friendliness are really vital for the success of the entire ecosystem.
wallets; the Ledger;	As soon as the initial migration of ERC20-based MITH to BEP2 MITH is complete, token holders will be allowed to withdraw MITH to BEP2 wallets, including the Ledger Nano S, and start performing their trading activities on Binance DEX.
jurisdictions; China;	'At the same time, states have come up with a patchwork of varying regulations that make it difficult for the US cryptocurrency markets to compete with those in other jurisdictions, especially China and Europe.'
jurisdictions; Europe;	'At the same time, states have come up with a patchwork of varying regulations that make it difficult for the US cryptocurrency markets to compete with those in other jurisdictions, especially China and Europe.'
financial initiatives; universal basic income;	His platform, under the Democratic party, actively supports various social and financial initiatives such as universal basic income (UBI) and Medicare for all.
federal agencies; the Securities;	Yang admits that a lot of federal agencies such as the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) have tried to introduce regulations for the crypto sphere, nevertheless, their rules quite often are unclear and even conflicting.
terms; “;	Moreover, Yang wants to introduce legal definitions of terms such as “token” and “security” and clearly identify the federal bodies that will have regulatory power over cryptocurrencies.
non-crypto assets; securities;	He believes even non-crypto assets such as securities will eventually be traded on DEXs.
platforms; IAO;	With its exchange launch this month, VELIC has also developed its own unique IAO token sales platforms such as IAO.
services; digital vaults;	It will introduce asset management services such as digital vaults with specialized security solutions, as well as loan and investment products.
blockchains; Ethereum;	Morpheus Labs, the Blockchain Platform-as-a-Service (BPaaS), has announced its newest blockchain ecosystem partner with  TomoChain, a solution to the scalability problems native to Ethereum and other blockchains.
novel techniques; double validation;	Security, stability, and chain finality are all guaranteed via novel techniques such as double validation, staking via smart-contracts, and uniform randomization processes.
techniques; sharding;	Scaling techniques such as sharding, EVM parallelization, private-chain generation, hardware integration will be continuously researched and integrated into TomoChain, creating an ideal scalable smart-contract public blockchain for decentralized apps, token issuance and token integration for businesses of all sizes.
techniques; EVM;	Scaling techniques such as sharding, EVM parallelization, private-chain generation, hardware integration will be continuously researched and integrated into TomoChain, creating an ideal scalable smart-contract public blockchain for decentralized apps, token issuance and token integration for businesses of all sizes.
exchanges; Coinbase;	In order to help users of Coinbase and other exchanges recognize "the signs that they may be talking to a scammer," Muller outlined some of the most common scam techniques on Telegram.
digital asset; Coinbase;	Coin Listing and ICO Scams: "Scammers on Telegram often approach project developers soliciting payment for asset listings on Coinbase and other digital asset exchanges.
companies; major cryptocurrency;	World famous tennis player Serena Jameka Williams revealed in an Instagram post published on April 17 that in 2014, she launched her investment business Serena Ventures and silently invested in over 30 companies, including major cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase.
markets; Japan;	Now, the exchange decided to expand to Japan and other markets such as in Latin America or Asia.
prominent investments; Coinbase;	Williams announced her VC firm via the popular social media platform late last week, revealing that it was secretly established in 2014 and listed some of the fund’s more prominent investments, including Coinbase and other early-stage companies.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Do you think Serena Williams has invested in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies?
altcoins; Binance;	However, as Bitcoin is currently down by over 1%, many leading altcoins such as Binance Coin, XRP, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Cardano have all experienced notable losses.
values; coin price;	Lee designed the BMI as a way to inform investors on the relative misery of Bitcoin holders based on values such as coin price and volatility.
values; volatility;	Lee designed the BMI as a way to inform investors on the relative misery of Bitcoin holders based on values such as coin price and volatility.
topics; Fundstrat;	The interview covered a range of topics, including Fundstrat’s Bitcoin Misery Index (BMI), a market sentiment indicator.
companies; major cryptocurrency;	World famous tennis player Serena Jameka Williams recently revealed that her investment business Serena Ventures has silently invested in over 30 companies, including major cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase.
compatible chains; EOS;	As Ethereum aims to scale up and process more transactions, ETC would work as "a highly secure base chain...ETC could even provide security services to high performance networks such as ETH...it would be a big advantage for both ecosystems (ETH and ETC) to analyze that possibility as it would likely minimize, in the context of a standards war, which means that only few networks will survive in the future, the threat of alternative ETH compatible chains such as EOS, Tezos, Cardano".
compatible chains; Tezos;	As Ethereum aims to scale up and process more transactions, ETC would work as "a highly secure base chain...ETC could even provide security services to high performance networks such as ETH...it would be a big advantage for both ecosystems (ETH and ETC) to analyze that possibility as it would likely minimize, in the context of a standards war, which means that only few networks will survive in the future, the threat of alternative ETH compatible chains such as EOS, Tezos, Cardano".
compatible chains; Cardano;	As Ethereum aims to scale up and process more transactions, ETC would work as "a highly secure base chain...ETC could even provide security services to high performance networks such as ETH...it would be a big advantage for both ecosystems (ETH and ETC) to analyze that possibility as it would likely minimize, in the context of a standards war, which means that only few networks will survive in the future, the threat of alternative ETH compatible chains such as EOS, Tezos, Cardano".
major cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Despite such major developments, one of the major issues Ethereum and other major cryptocurrencies have faced is the addition of security value to their asset.
networks; ETH;	“In that analogy, ETC could even provide security services to high performance networks such as ETH.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Moreover, they are permitted to mine four cryptocurrencies, including Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin Gold (BTG), Ethereum Classic (ETC), and Zcash.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	2018 was a year of unforeseen institutional interest in Bitcoin and other digital assets.
fiat-enabled bodies; mainstream banks;	Ripple has been a prime example of this process, with the Brad Garlinghouse-led company announcing multiple partnerships with mainstream banks and other fiat-enabled bodies.
fiat-enabled bodies; mainstream banks;	Ripple’s XRP has been in this process as the company entered multiple collaborations with mainstream banks and other fiat-enabled bodies.
necessary supplies; food;	During his discussion, Hanke said the method used to fundraise eliminates inefficient donation schemes like “driving a pickup truck around filled with cash that you’re giving away or filled with medicine or clothing or food.” Hanke revealed that beneficiaries can simply use the Airtm platform to exchange the cryptos for U.S. dollars and use the proceeds to buy food, medicine, and other necessary supplies.
necessary supplies; medicine;	During his discussion, Hanke said the method used to fundraise eliminates inefficient donation schemes like “driving a pickup truck around filled with cash that you’re giving away or filled with medicine or clothing or food.” Hanke revealed that beneficiaries can simply use the Airtm platform to exchange the cryptos for U.S. dollars and use the proceeds to buy food, medicine, and other necessary supplies.
physical cargo; basic food;	As explained by NPR, physical cargo including basic food and medical supplies cannot be easily sent to Venezuela - as the nation’s borders are closely monitored and tightly controlled.
physical cargo; medical supplies;	As explained by NPR, physical cargo including basic food and medical supplies cannot be easily sent to Venezuela - as the nation’s borders are closely monitored and tightly controlled.
cryptos; bitcoin;	Hanke stated categorically that the primary objective of the campaign is to boost the purchasing power of Venezuelans and also help relieve agencies across the globe understand that they can deliver aid and relief to the needy more efficiently with bitcoin and other cryptos.
Asian markets; South;	Coinbase stated that they’ve had their eye on Asian markets such as South Korea and Japan for some time, given the booming crypto industry in those regions.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Coinnest lost $5 million in Bitcoin and other cryptos earlier this year following a mistaken airdrop process.
marquee companies; Microsoft;	The past 12 months have seen marquee companies such as Microsoft, Starbucks, the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), Nasdaq, Samsung, and many others venture in the field of blockchain in one way or another.
marquee companies; Starbucks;	The past 12 months have seen marquee companies such as Microsoft, Starbucks, the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), Nasdaq, Samsung, and many others venture in the field of blockchain in one way or another.
marquee companies; the Intercontinental;	The past 12 months have seen marquee companies such as Microsoft, Starbucks, the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), Nasdaq, Samsung, and many others venture in the field of blockchain in one way or another.
coins; BTC;	Cryptocurrency interest in the last two months in South Korea has spiked and some traders experienced a ‘Kimchi Premium’ on BTC and other coins during the first week of April.
DLTs; a privacy;	After announcing the JPM Coin, which attracted a lot of attention, JPMorgan has steadily released new information that showcases their interest in DLTs, including a privacy technology based on zk-SNARKs.
institutions; the Royal;	Among them are such institutions as the Royal Bank of Canada, India’s ICICI Bank, Bank of Sharjah, National Australia Bank Limited, and more.
alternatives; Bitcoin;	By CCN.com: Wall Street firm JPMorgan has a plan to save the banking industry’s lucrative cross-border payments business from alternatives such as Bitcoin and fintechs such as Ripple and TransferWise – expand the use cases for its permissioned blockchain network, the Interbank Information Network (IIN) to include settling payments.
errors; the wrong account;	This will eliminate delays or cancellation of transactions which is usually caused by errors such as the wrong account number or sort code being entered.
verified wholesale clients; multinational corporations;	The JPM coin will primarily target multinational corporations and other verified wholesale clients of JPMorgan.
companies; Ripple;	JP Morgan is using the platform to defend its dominance in the cross-border payments business that has come under fire from innovative fintech companies such as Ripple, TransferWise, and Revolut.
companies; TransferWise;	JP Morgan is using the platform to defend its dominance in the cross-border payments business that has come under fire from innovative fintech companies such as Ripple, TransferWise, and Revolut.
decisions; the percentage;	However, as Ethereum moves through the process of transitioning to a PoS algorithm, the currency must contend with decisions such as the percentage of coins that should be awarded for staking.
platforms; DeFi;	I agree that this “feels” more in line with what validators would expect and will help network security compete with alternative options like DeFi and other platforms.
different cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Currently, BelcoBTM crypto ATMs support 5 different cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC), Binance Coin (BNB), and the recently supported XRP crypto token.
wallets; exchanges;	The Cashaa team also informed it is working on an API and plugin solution, for exchanges and other wallets to provide them with the feature to sell crypto via debit or credit card.
the cryptospace; Peter;	The @Bitcoin Twitter handle was in the limelight after many in the cryptospace, including Peter McCormack, Whale Panda, and Jimmy Song, called out the account holder on social media for misrepresenting BTC.
e-commerce sites; Amazon;	The cryptocurrency firm Moon announced on April 22nd that with their LN-enabled wallet and extension, they can pay in e-commerce sites such as Amazon.
several digital currencies; Bitcoin;	Amazon (AMZN) shoppers can now pay through Coinbase with several digital currencies including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Litecoin (LTC) and Bitcoin Cash (BCH) thanks to a new browser extension called Moon.
sites; Etsy;	While Moon currently only works with Amazon, the website says support is coming for a variety of ecommerce sites including Etsy, AliExpress, eBay, Target and Domino’s Pizza.
sites; AliExpress;	While Moon currently only works with Amazon, the website says support is coming for a variety of ecommerce sites including Etsy, AliExpress, eBay, Target and Domino’s Pizza.
sites; eBay;	While Moon currently only works with Amazon, the website says support is coming for a variety of ecommerce sites including Etsy, AliExpress, eBay, Target and Domino’s Pizza.
sites; Target;	While Moon currently only works with Amazon, the website says support is coming for a variety of ecommerce sites including Etsy, AliExpress, eBay, Target and Domino’s Pizza.
sites; Domino;	While Moon currently only works with Amazon, the website says support is coming for a variety of ecommerce sites including Etsy, AliExpress, eBay, Target and Domino’s Pizza.
sites; Amazon;	According to the crypto payment processing startup Moon, all lightning-enabled wallets will now be possible for usage through the Moon browser extension which will let users spend crypto on e-commerce sites such as Amazon simply by connecting the browser extension to exchange accounts like Coinbase.
e-commerce sites; Amazon;	Moon CEO and founder Ken Kruger underscored to the crypto media outlet that “there’s no direct merchant integration” with e-commerce sites such as Amazon, outlining that:
extensions; Purse.io;	Consumers who want to use their crypto holdings to shop at e-commerce sites like Amazon are also able to use other third party extensions such as Purse.io, or apps like Gyft and eGifter to buy Amazon gift cards with cryptocurrency.
online; Amazon;	Do you think the adoption of Moon’s browser extension for Bitcoin payments through the lightning network is part of a grand plan to integrate with Amazon and other online retailers directly?
features; the maximum torque;	Drivers can use this technology to adjust seven performance features including the maximum torque output of the motor, acceleration and deceleration abilities, regenerative braking capacity, maximum speed limit, responsiveness, and energy use on climate control.
the cloud; previous owners;	Through this partnership, Blocko and Hyundai AutoEver will develop a Blockchain-as-a-Service (BaaS) platform for tracking vehicle history over the cloud, including previous owners data, car’s age, and mileage, while integrating it with existing business setups.
blockchain; smart contracts;	The platform will use smart contracts and other blockchain features to deliver a product that customers within the automotive business can easily use.
components; automotive logistics;	Additionally, Hyundai will integrate blockchain into its many business components such as automotive logistics, part construction, and in-house token economy for users throughout their internal operations.
components; part;	Additionally, Hyundai will integrate blockchain into its many business components such as automotive logistics, part construction, and in-house token economy for users throughout their internal operations.
exchanges; Binance;	After following Binance and other exchanges in delisting the controversial cryptocurrency Bitcoin SV (BSV), Kraken has now made a new addition to their list of tradable crypto-assets.
assets; speculation;	That said, if we can break $6200 for BTC, it will likely mark the start of another major bull run and could run hot and high, but if it’s pure speculation and other assets benefit disproportionately to value created, it’s likely not going to end well again!
cryptocurrency-related firms; Kraken;	It’s worth noting that other cryptocurrency-related firms, including Kraken, decided to leave the state of New York when the BitLicense was introduced back in 2014, claiming it was too restrictive and/or too expensive to apply for.
resources; the entire knowledge;	The professor founded Starcower Industries in collaboration with a doctoral student at the Technion, in a bid to develop blockchain-based commercial products and services with the entire knowledge, intellectual materials, and other resources gathered from years of research at the university.
resources; intellectual materials;	The professor founded Starcower Industries in collaboration with a doctoral student at the Technion, in a bid to develop blockchain-based commercial products and services with the entire knowledge, intellectual materials, and other resources gathered from years of research at the university.
s resources; grants;	Ben-Sasson illegally used the Technion’s resources, including grants given to him by the institution to develop the idea.”
resources; the ideas;	The Technion claims that its intellectual property regulation stipulates that any of its employees interested in making use of the ideas, scientific knowledge and other resources of the institution for commercial purposes, that individual or entity must first seek approval from the university before starting the project.
resources; scientific knowledge;	The Technion claims that its intellectual property regulation stipulates that any of its employees interested in making use of the ideas, scientific knowledge and other resources of the institution for commercial purposes, that individual or entity must first seek approval from the university before starting the project.
major cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It supports major cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and XRP, and fiat-crypto pairs in US dollars and euro.
major cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	It supports major cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and XRP, and fiat-crypto pairs in US dollars and euro.
major cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	It supports major cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and XRP, and fiat-crypto pairs in US dollars and euro.
major cryptocurrencies; XRP;	It supports major cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and XRP, and fiat-crypto pairs in US dollars and euro.
firms; Bain;	Reuters reports that NXC is also fielding bids from Chinese gaming giant Tencent, South Korean internet giant Kakao and a few private equity firms including Bain Capital, MBK Partners and KKR.
popular titles; MapleStory;	Nexon was founded in 1994 and specializes in online games, and is home to some of the world’s most popular titles including MapleStory and Dungeon Fighter Online.
popular titles; Dungeon;	Nexon was founded in 1994 and specializes in online games, and is home to some of the world’s most popular titles including MapleStory and Dungeon Fighter Online.
competitors; Chinese internet;	According to the source, Disney, with whom Kim has a close relationship, is already the preferred buyer, other competitors including Chinese internet giant Tencent and South Korea’s Kakao Corp.
law; blockchain;	Our firm is committed to remaining forward-facing in the evolving areas of law, including blockchain, so we can continue to meet the ever-changing business landscape affecting our clients,” comments Gerry Greenspoon, co-managing director of Greenspoon Marder.
related practices; corporate securities;	“Our multidisciplinary approach and extensive experience in a variety of related practices including corporate securities, business, government relations, labor and employment, regulatory compliance and taxation, as well as our renowned expertise in real estate, entertainment, litigation and cannabis enable us to better assist our clients in navigating the opportunities that arise and attain their strategic goals through the use of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies.”
related practices; business;	“Our multidisciplinary approach and extensive experience in a variety of related practices including corporate securities, business, government relations, labor and employment, regulatory compliance and taxation, as well as our renowned expertise in real estate, entertainment, litigation and cannabis enable us to better assist our clients in navigating the opportunities that arise and attain their strategic goals through the use of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies.”
related practices; government;	“Our multidisciplinary approach and extensive experience in a variety of related practices including corporate securities, business, government relations, labor and employment, regulatory compliance and taxation, as well as our renowned expertise in real estate, entertainment, litigation and cannabis enable us to better assist our clients in navigating the opportunities that arise and attain their strategic goals through the use of blockchain and distributed ledger technologies.”
investors; private investing;	Artory — ledger of which enables users to trace provenance and title data, as well as record sales of works of art —  has reportedly secured $7.3 million from a group of investors, including private investing firm 2020 Ventures, which backed Swedish audio streaming platform Spotify, American logistics company Postmates, and luxury goods resale platform The RealReal.
certain services; email;	For example, there are certain services such as email which may be easier to manage in the long-term as their administration is centralized.
various wallets; Coinomi;	The exchange’s native blockchain currently supports various wallets, including Coinomi, Ledger, Enjin, Exodus, and the Binance-owned Trust Wallet.
various wallets; Ledger;	The exchange’s native blockchain currently supports various wallets, including Coinomi, Ledger, Enjin, Exodus, and the Binance-owned Trust Wallet.
various wallets; Enjin;	The exchange’s native blockchain currently supports various wallets, including Coinomi, Ledger, Enjin, Exodus, and the Binance-owned Trust Wallet.
various wallets; Exodus;	The exchange’s native blockchain currently supports various wallets, including Coinomi, Ledger, Enjin, Exodus, and the Binance-owned Trust Wallet.
tools; the Binance;	They can also access tools such as the Binance Chain Explorer, public data nodes and APIs, the press release states.
networks; Ethereum;	Throughout the past several years, many decentralized exchanges emerged on various blockchain networks including Ethereum in an attempt to provide a platform in which users are able to control their funds and trade cryptocurrencies simultaneously.
areas; UI;	The key to the success of decentralized exchanges would be to at least maintain the same standard of centralized exchanges in areas including UI, UX, scalability, and efficiency, which is difficult to execute in a decentralized environment.
areas; UX;	The key to the success of decentralized exchanges would be to at least maintain the same standard of centralized exchanges in areas including UI, UX, scalability, and efficiency, which is difficult to execute in a decentralized environment.
areas; scalability;	The key to the success of decentralized exchanges would be to at least maintain the same standard of centralized exchanges in areas including UI, UX, scalability, and efficiency, which is difficult to execute in a decentralized environment.
blockchain; cryptocurrencies;	It will also allow users to transfer and trade blockchain assets while providing new possibilities for the future flow of cryptocurrencies and other blockchain assets.
features; smart contracts;	However, Changpeng Zhao has maintained that Binance Chain does not compete with Ethereum since it lacks features such as smart contracts.
Chain; Trust;	At the moment there are several wallets supported on Binance Chain such as Trust Wallet, Ledger, Enjin, Magnunm Wallet, CoolWallet, Coinomi Wallet, Atomic Wallet, ZelCore Wallet, Infinito Wallet, math Wallet, Ellipal Wallet, and Exodus, among others.
market; Indices;	VanEck Director of Digital Asset Strategies Gabor Gurbacs also told Cointelegraph that Nasdaq has been discussing futures with Nasdaq, MVIS Indices and other market participants for about 18 months.
crypto assets; Bitcoin;	Perhaps the recent price increases so far in 2019 finally represent this enduring interest in the of Bitcoin and other crypto assets.
platforms; LinkedIn;	The writers told the website as part of its two-week investigation that completing a paper can take up to eight months and cost between $1,000 and $50,000, with most of the work found via platforms such as LinkedIn and Upwork.
platforms; Upwork;	The writers told the website as part of its two-week investigation that completing a paper can take up to eight months and cost between $1,000 and $50,000, with most of the work found via platforms such as LinkedIn and Upwork.
automobile giants; Renault;	IOTA, which is building its own decentralized solution for the Internet of Things, among other things, is part of the Mobility Open Blockchain Initiative (MOBI) coalition with automobile giants such as Renault, Ford, BMW and others in a bid to encourage solutions and boost adoption.
automobile giants; Ford;	IOTA, which is building its own decentralized solution for the Internet of Things, among other things, is part of the Mobility Open Blockchain Initiative (MOBI) coalition with automobile giants such as Renault, Ford, BMW and others in a bid to encourage solutions and boost adoption.
automobile giants; BMW;	IOTA, which is building its own decentralized solution for the Internet of Things, among other things, is part of the Mobility Open Blockchain Initiative (MOBI) coalition with automobile giants such as Renault, Ford, BMW and others in a bid to encourage solutions and boost adoption.
automobile giants; others;	IOTA, which is building its own decentralized solution for the Internet of Things, among other things, is part of the Mobility Open Blockchain Initiative (MOBI) coalition with automobile giants such as Renault, Ford, BMW and others in a bid to encourage solutions and boost adoption.
Billionaires; Masayoshi;	Now that Bitcoin and the larger crypto market is getting back up, it will be interesting to see whether such Billionaires as Masayoshi Son will be inclined to throw in their money.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	They tell outlets that Peter Briger, an executive at Fortress, expressed interest in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, potentially leading to Son’s unfortunate feeling of likely FOMO (fear of missing out).
enterprise; communications;	The company’s solutions are being used by global corporations in the automotive, communications and other enterprise sectors.
market; funds;	Hedge funds and other market makers provide that XRO and the liquidity is through cryptocurrency exchanges.
current platforms; scalability;	Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
current platforms; usability;	Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
current platforms; sovereignty;	Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
client-focused products; crypto;	They further mentioned that high-frequency trading is no longer a priority for Coinbase and that it is now mulling developing other client-focused products including crypto custody services.
topics; the thought;	Lee also spoke on other topics, including the thought of when adoption would hit the mainstream.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	While some may believe that most cryptocurrencies including Litecoin (LTC) have a fair way to go before they can be classified as an outright “success” Charlie Lee feels differently, believing that LTC has in fact ‘made it.’
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	However, Lee stated that for cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Litecoin that really want to become decentralized money, there cannot be any centralized actions like using mining rewards to pay developers.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	However, Lee stated that for cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Litecoin that really want to become decentralized money, there cannot be any centralized actions like using mining rewards to pay developers.
providers; opening;	The website provides information about firms and services providers including opening and closing hours, menu and many other things.
providers; closing;	The website provides information about firms and services providers including opening and closing hours, menu and many other things.
services; payment;	Merchants that start receiving more payments in digital assets could also spread the use of this means of payment and other services providers could start accepting cryptocurrencies as well.
decentralised payment; Bitcoin;	The sheer number of developers working on Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other decentralised payment platforms around the world make for potential innovation that cannot be matched by these financial institutions.
decentralised payment; Ethereum;	The sheer number of developers working on Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other decentralised payment platforms around the world make for potential innovation that cannot be matched by these financial institutions.
traditional avenues; crypto;	Aidoo continued to highlight the current stagnation in the banking industry and how it risked being left being by financial innovation occurring in less traditional avenues such as crypto:
crypto assets; Bitcoin;	Already initiatives such a JPM Coin – a permissioned blockchain-based system that offers almost none of the true innovation of Bitcoin and other crypto assets – highlights that the industry is starting to explore the technology.
projects; we.trade;	The Societe Generale Group has been a part of the space for a few years now, with their involvement in projects such as we.trade and komgo SA.
projects; komgo;	The Societe Generale Group has been a part of the space for a few years now, with their involvement in projects such as we.trade and komgo SA.
added value; product;	Societe Generale said that there are numerous opportunities for many areas of added value such as product scalability, reduced time to market, and computer code automation structuring, which leads to better transparency, faster transferability, and settlement.
areas; technology;	Currently, they have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
areas; shipping;	Currently, they have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
areas; oil;	Currently, they have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
areas; gas;	Currently, they have 20 stocks diversified across areas including technology, shipping, oil and gas, custody and industrials.
initiatives; the we-trade platform;	The company has already participated in other initiatives, including the we-trade platform that is currently being used by corporate clients in France.
enterprises; we.trade;	Over the past few years, the financial institution has participated in blockchain enterprises such as we.trade in 2017, which was the introductory commercial platform that was developed on a blockchain.
assets; Ethereum;	Meanwhile, the other top crypto assets, including Ethereum, XRP, and Bitcoin Cash, merely tailed the bitcoin trend, each rising between 3- and 4.5-percent based on a 24-hour adjusted timeframe.
assets; XRP;	Meanwhile, the other top crypto assets, including Ethereum, XRP, and Bitcoin Cash, merely tailed the bitcoin trend, each rising between 3- and 4.5-percent based on a 24-hour adjusted timeframe.
companies; Twitter;	It also came ahead of a slew of US earnings reports from big tech companies such as Twitter starting Tuesday.
altcoins; BNB;	On the other hand, recently strong performance altcoins such as BNB are also declining.
big guns; John;	Craig Wright, the founder of Bitcoin SV (BSV) has been out to prove himself as the real Satoshi Nakamoto, the anonymous creator of the world’s largest cryptocurrency, Bitcoin (BTC), risking a lot like his relationship with crypto big guns such as John McAfee, the British-American computer programmer; Changpeng Zhao, Binance (BNB) CEO, and a host of crypto exchanges who had already deleted BSV from their platforms.
tools; xCurrent;	Earlier, Siam Bank hinted that it would be finalizing its integration of Ripple settlement tools including xCurrent.
the globe; Bitcoin;	Developed by Final Frontier, the fund is reportedly supervised by Liechtenstein’s financial regulator and the fund’s primary objective is to invest in turnkey assets across the globe, including Bitcoin mining sites with cheap electricity as well as near zero operating costs.
a fund; the asset;	Commenting on the development, Imraan Moola, co-founder of Final Frontier, opined that this may be the best time to launch such a fund as the asset has not fully recovered from the 2018 crypto markets crash yet the interest of institutional investors in the nascent digital asset continues to grow.
names; “ Blockchain;	The first news regarding the incursion of Samsung into cryptocurrencies were first heard back in December of 2018, when trademark filings from the South Korean electronics firm with names such as “Blockchain KeyStore” or “Blockchain Core” were reported.
ERC-based crypto; ETH;	The company also launched a crypto wallet that’s compatible with ETH and other ERC-based crypto tokens.
features; private keys;	Samsung, the South Korean electronics giant whose Galaxy S10 smartphone will be blockchain supported, with the ability to store cryptocurrency private keys and other features, is developing its own blockchain and may issue their own cryptocurrency.
date; crypto;	Notably, Galaxy S10 also supports some of the most widely-used blockchain applications to date, including crypto collectibles platform CryptoKitties, and gaming platform Enjin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The year 2019 has already been proven to be a promising year from Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as well since it determines the market conditions.
many metrics; Fundstrat;	Many experts have repeatedly guaranteed a bull run for Bitcoin this year using many metrics including Fundstrat’s Bitcoin Misery index which Tom Lee says suggests a bull run for the asset within the year.
projects; sidechain;	[The] Sun Network is a TRON scaling solution, incorporating a series of scaling projects such as sidechain and cross-chain communication [protocols]; DAppChain is part of the TRON side chain solution.
projects; cross-chain communication;	[The] Sun Network is a TRON scaling solution, incorporating a series of scaling projects such as sidechain and cross-chain communication [protocols]; DAppChain is part of the TRON side chain solution.
assets; TRX;	DAppChain interacts with the main chain through a smart contract which defines a series of standard interfaces, allowing main chain to mirror assets such as TRX, TRC10 and TRC21 on the side chain and withdraw the assets to the main chain, etc.
assets; TRC10;	DAppChain interacts with the main chain through a smart contract which defines a series of standard interfaces, allowing main chain to mirror assets such as TRX, TRC10 and TRC21 on the side chain and withdraw the assets to the main chain, etc.
assets; TRC21;	DAppChain interacts with the main chain through a smart contract which defines a series of standard interfaces, allowing main chain to mirror assets such as TRX, TRC10 and TRC21 on the side chain and withdraw the assets to the main chain, etc.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Tokyo-based crypto exchange bitFlyer, which was licensed to operate in the European Union in 2018, reportedly polled 10,000 respondents in Europe to find out what they think about cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin (BTC).
regions; Norway;	The survey was sent to residents from Norway, France, Belgium, Germany, and other regions while the researchers also parsed the responses by country.
regions; France;	The survey was sent to residents from Norway, France, Belgium, Germany, and other regions while the researchers also parsed the responses by country.
regions; Belgium;	The survey was sent to residents from Norway, France, Belgium, Germany, and other regions while the researchers also parsed the responses by country.
regions; Germany;	The survey was sent to residents from Norway, France, Belgium, Germany, and other regions while the researchers also parsed the responses by country.
firms; crypto;	The firm has reportedly issued a statement outlining that its expanded monitoring tools come ahead of expected global crypto regulatory guidance that will request that firms such as crypto exchanges and financial institutions automate the monitoring of blockchain transactions for the cryptocurrencies they support.
cryptocurrencies; privacy-focused coins;	According to Levin, despite there being over 2,000 cryptocurrencies, including privacy-focused coins, criminals overwhelmingly prefer Bitcoin.
cryptocurrencies; criminals;	According to Levin, despite there being over 2,000 cryptocurrencies, including privacy-focused coins, criminals overwhelmingly prefer Bitcoin.
drugs; fentanyl;	He notes that the recent string of opioid-related arrests in the US over the last few months have come as a direct result of blockchain analysis, allowing authorities to trace illegal purchases of fentanyl and other drugs paid for in cryptocurrency.
list; well-known publication;	The project has also added several new publishers to its verified publishers list, including well-known publication LA Times.
multiple blockchains; the Bitcoin;	Brave was reportedly set to be pre-installed on the HTC Exodus 1, “the first native blockchain phone” with support for multiple blockchains, including the Bitcoin and Ethereum networks.
multiple blockchains; Ethereum;	Brave was reportedly set to be pre-installed on the HTC Exodus 1, “the first native blockchain phone” with support for multiple blockchains, including the Bitcoin and Ethereum networks.
technologies; scripts;	The browser is based on Google Chrome and blocks tracking scripts and other technologies that spy on the user’s online activity.
technologies; scripts;	As if getting paid to view ads wasn’t good enough, Brave browser also preserves their users’ privacy by blocking tracking scripts and other technologies that spy on your online activity.
several firms; Vice;	In the announcement, Brave stated that several firms such as Vice, Home Chef, MyCrypto, and eToro would be supplying ads, along with Fluidity, Uphold and the TAP network which had already been a part of the beta program that started in January 2019.
several firms; Home;	In the announcement, Brave stated that several firms such as Vice, Home Chef, MyCrypto, and eToro would be supplying ads, along with Fluidity, Uphold and the TAP network which had already been a part of the beta program that started in January 2019.
desks; Alameda;	TrueGBP is now available for trading on over-the-counter (OTC) desks, including Alameda Research, Bluefire Capital, Galois Capital, and QCP Capital.
non-volatile cryptoassets; TrueAUD;	TrustToken, the creators of TrueUSD (TUSD), a dollar-backed stablecoin, has announced the launch of four more non-volatile cryptoassets, including TrueAUD, TrueEUR, TrueCAD, and TrueHKD, in a bid to make the TrustToken platform a one-stop shop for tokenized currencies, according to a blog post on April 24, 2019.
non-volatile cryptoassets; TrueEUR;	TrustToken, the creators of TrueUSD (TUSD), a dollar-backed stablecoin, has announced the launch of four more non-volatile cryptoassets, including TrueAUD, TrueEUR, TrueCAD, and TrueHKD, in a bid to make the TrustToken platform a one-stop shop for tokenized currencies, according to a blog post on April 24, 2019.
non-volatile cryptoassets; TrueCAD;	TrustToken, the creators of TrueUSD (TUSD), a dollar-backed stablecoin, has announced the launch of four more non-volatile cryptoassets, including TrueAUD, TrueEUR, TrueCAD, and TrueHKD, in a bid to make the TrustToken platform a one-stop shop for tokenized currencies, according to a blog post on April 24, 2019.
assets; bitcoin;	Moreover, rolling 30-day correlation with other top crypto assets such as bitcoin (BTC) and ether (ETH) remained consistently high throughout Q1 2019, the report continues.
Users; the ‘ XRP;	Users, especially the ‘XRP Army,’ have always been excited about being notified about Ripple and news about its tie-ups and developments.
companies; exchanges;	The remaining $107.49 XRP was sold programmatically to crypto exchanges and other companies that have previously arranged deals with Ripple.
”; investments;	According to the company, the rest is being used for “a variety of ways to help support the XRP ecosystem,” including investments in XRPL Labs, Kava, Forte and Bolt Labs.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Crypto involved in dark web ring: Two individuals were indicted by the Manhattan DA for running a steroid and controlled substance business using cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC]
XRP; XRP sales;	Ripple, the blockchain-based fintech company behind the XRP cryptocurrency, has released its “Q1 2019 XRP Markets Report” summarizing the activities of Ripple and XRP, including XRP sales, escrow status, developments, partnerships, and more.
XRP; escrow;	Ripple, the blockchain-based fintech company behind the XRP cryptocurrency, has released its “Q1 2019 XRP Markets Report” summarizing the activities of Ripple and XRP, including XRP sales, escrow status, developments, partnerships, and more.
smaller-ticket items; coffee;	The Lightning Network is helping merchants take payment for smaller-ticket items such as coffee and music.
smaller-ticket items; music;	The Lightning Network is helping merchants take payment for smaller-ticket items such as coffee and music.
popular individuals; institutions;	This mantra seems to have worked in small capacities after the adoption of blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies by institutions and other popular individuals in the general financial space.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The latest example of a nefarious activity that involved cryptocurrencies came out of Manhattan after two individuals were indicted for running a steroid and controlled substance business using cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin [BTC] and a fair share of Western Union transfers as modes of payments.
use; Xanax;	The defendants sold injectable steroids and oral steroids, in addition to medications to counteract the effect of steroid use, including Xanax, Valium, and Viagra.
use; Valium;	The defendants sold injectable steroids and oral steroids, in addition to medications to counteract the effect of steroid use, including Xanax, Valium, and Viagra.
substances; anabolic steroids;	Crain and Sanchez sold anabolic steroids and other substances through several websites that they operated.
use; Xanax;	“Crain and Sanchez operated and managed a series of websites named ‘NextDayGear’ that sold anabolic steroids, such as testosterone, nandrolone, and stanozolol, as well as controlled substances and pharmaceuticals that can be used to counteract the negative effects of steroid use, including Xanax, Valium, and Viagra.
use; Valium;	“Crain and Sanchez operated and managed a series of websites named ‘NextDayGear’ that sold anabolic steroids, such as testosterone, nandrolone, and stanozolol, as well as controlled substances and pharmaceuticals that can be used to counteract the negative effects of steroid use, including Xanax, Valium, and Viagra.
controlled substances; tablets;	Last week, the Office indicted a dark web operation that sold and shipped hundreds of thousands of counterfeit Xanax tablets and other controlled substances, and laundered $2.3 million in cryptocurrency by using preloaded debit cards and withdrawing cash at ATMs in Manhattan and New Jersey.”
illegal substances; steroids;	The defendants had been running their shop for around 5 years, since 2013 up to 2018, and during that period they had sold 10,000 packages of steroids and other illegal substances that cause a harmful addiction.
crypto assets; Ethereum;	Samsung has been making efforts to expand into the crypto space, with the Samsung Galaxy S10 having in-built support for Ethereum and other crypto assets, though not Bitcoin yet.
digital footwear products; shoes;	Footware is a combination of footwear and software, which is an indication that the company is also going in big on self-lacing shoes and other digital footwear products.
games; scavenger;	Elsewhere in the document, Nike sets out how it wants to reserve the Cryptokicks name for providing “online blogs in the field of crypto collectibles” and offering online computer games such as scavenger hunts, treasure hunts and obstacle courses.
non-financial institutions; Facebook;	The main reason for this influx is attributed to the heightened interest of non-financial institutions such as Facebook and Telegram, in the realm of cryptocurrency.
non-financial institutions; Telegram;	The main reason for this influx is attributed to the heightened interest of non-financial institutions such as Facebook and Telegram, in the realm of cryptocurrency.
crypto assets; blockchain-based tokens;	Furthermore, Nike also explains that they are looking to provide a website that features technology that “enables users to mine, earn, purchase, receive by any other means, store, and transfer blockchain-based tokens, coins, cryptocurrencies, and other crypto assets.”
crypto assets; coins;	Furthermore, Nike also explains that they are looking to provide a website that features technology that “enables users to mine, earn, purchase, receive by any other means, store, and transfer blockchain-based tokens, coins, cryptocurrencies, and other crypto assets.”
crypto assets; cryptocurrencies;	Furthermore, Nike also explains that they are looking to provide a website that features technology that “enables users to mine, earn, purchase, receive by any other means, store, and transfer blockchain-based tokens, coins, cryptocurrencies, and other crypto assets.”
major actors; Kurt;	Moreover, a movie aptly titled “Crypto” was recently released, starring major actors including Kurt Russell, Luke Hemsworth, and others.
numerous digital applications; Nike+;	The firm’s digital makeover comes in the form of numerous digital applications including Nike+ membership, SNKRS app, the Nike Run Club, and it’s WeChat store.
products; apparel;	The digital currency is expected to be used in an electronic marketplace that is for Nike’s products, including apparel and footwear, as well as involving collectibles.
products; footwear;	The digital currency is expected to be used in an electronic marketplace that is for Nike’s products, including apparel and footwear, as well as involving collectibles.
crypto assets; blockchain-based tokens;	Furthermore, Nike also explains that they are looking to provide a website that features technology that “enables users to mine, earn, purchase, receive by any other means, store, and transfer blockchain-based tokens, coins, cryptocurrencies, and other crypto assets.”
crypto assets; coins;	Furthermore, Nike also explains that they are looking to provide a website that features technology that “enables users to mine, earn, purchase, receive by any other means, store, and transfer blockchain-based tokens, coins, cryptocurrencies, and other crypto assets.”
crypto assets; cryptocurrencies;	Furthermore, Nike also explains that they are looking to provide a website that features technology that “enables users to mine, earn, purchase, receive by any other means, store, and transfer blockchain-based tokens, coins, cryptocurrencies, and other crypto assets.”
major actors; Kurt;	Moreover, a movie aptly titled “Crypto” was recently released, starring major actors including Kurt Russell, Luke Hemsworth, and others.
ecosystem; bill;	“The launch of peg.PHP is part of our ongoing commitment to use blockchain technology to improve the money transfer ecosystem, including bill payments.
blockchains; the beginning;	“[…] because ever since the beginning, Bitcoin and other blockchains have been saying, ‘this is decentralization’, but then you look under the hood and you see the consensus mechanism and how the incentives are structured in Bitcoin and then you realize it will always end up centralized around hashing power which is the mining pools […]”
blockchains; Bitcoin;	“[…] because ever since the beginning, Bitcoin and other blockchains have been saying, ‘this is decentralization’, but then you look under the hood and you see the consensus mechanism and how the incentives are structured in Bitcoin and then you realize it will always end up centralized around hashing power which is the mining pools […]”
companies; Oracle;	Speakers featured in the program include representatives from blue chip companies such as Oracle, Deloitte, and Ripple.
companies; Deloitte;	Speakers featured in the program include representatives from blue chip companies such as Oracle, Deloitte, and Ripple.
activities; all social media;	“Because DooTron has encountered operational-related investigations, it will stop all social media, websites and other activities included today.
activities; websites;	“Because DooTron has encountered operational-related investigations, it will stop all social media, websites and other activities included today.
banks; BNP;	Other currency members of Marco Polo, which is powered by R3’s Corda enterprise blockchain platform, include banks such as BNP Paribas and ING.
currencies; USD;	Wirex has also announced plans to launch 26 stablecoins pegged to fiat currencies, including USD, EUR, GBP, HKD and SGD.
currencies; EUR;	Wirex has also announced plans to launch 26 stablecoins pegged to fiat currencies, including USD, EUR, GBP, HKD and SGD.
currencies; GBP;	Wirex has also announced plans to launch 26 stablecoins pegged to fiat currencies, including USD, EUR, GBP, HKD and SGD.
currencies; HKD;	Wirex has also announced plans to launch 26 stablecoins pegged to fiat currencies, including USD, EUR, GBP, HKD and SGD.
currencies; SGD;	Wirex has also announced plans to launch 26 stablecoins pegged to fiat currencies, including USD, EUR, GBP, HKD and SGD.
various fiat currencies; the U.S;	Among the stablecoins that the U.K.-based firm is going to launch on the XLM platform there will be assets backed by various fiat currencies including the U.S, Hong Kong and Singapore dollars, the British pound and euro.
various fiat currencies; Hong;	Among the stablecoins that the U.K.-based firm is going to launch on the XLM platform there will be assets backed by various fiat currencies including the U.S, Hong Kong and Singapore dollars, the British pound and euro.
spheres; remittances;	As Wirex has revealed, it will be possible to convert the stablecoins to other stablecoins at over-the-counter (OTC) rates as well as to find a wide range of use cases for them including such spheres as remittances, redemption token issuance, and merchant settlements.
spheres; redemption;	As Wirex has revealed, it will be possible to convert the stablecoins to other stablecoins at over-the-counter (OTC) rates as well as to find a wide range of use cases for them including such spheres as remittances, redemption token issuance, and merchant settlements.
currencies; the United;	These tokens will be pegged to a variety of different fiat currencies, including the United States Dollar (USD), Euro (EUR), Japanese Yen (JPY), Pound Sterling (GBP) and Hong Kong Dollar (HKD).
outlets; Journal;	About an hour after this news hit the Wall Street Journal and other outlets, a Bitfinex staffer going by “Garbis” released a statement on the company’s official Reddit forum.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	While Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have since recovered to some degree, with the BTC market finding some support in the $5,100 range, one analyst is worried that a further move lower could be inbound.
Tether; Wells;	Banks have also stopped serving Tether, including Wells Fargo, which stopped facilitating transfers between Tether and Bitfinex.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The ministry of corporate affairs has in its feedback to the department of economic affairs pointed out the sale purchase and issuance of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Etherium & Cashcoin etc.
cryptocurrencies; Etherium;	The ministry of corporate affairs has in its feedback to the department of economic affairs pointed out the sale purchase and issuance of cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Etherium & Cashcoin etc.
crypto assets; banning/regulating;	Various options for treating virtual currencies and crypto assets including banning/regulating are being examined by the committee.
various aspects; cryptocurrency;	The report also reveals that India’s Department of Revenue has been working with the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) on various aspects including cryptocurrency.
countries; India;	The G20 countries, including India, have reaffirmed their support for the FATF as “the global anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing, and proliferation financing standard-setting body,” according to the FAFT report submitted to the G20 this month.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Thus, an interim order is being considered that would see business activity involving Bitcoin and other cryptos banned under the country’s Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
Projects; Enjin;	Projects such as Enjin Coin, Omise Go, WaltonChain, Nano, Golem and ARK are down around 10%.
exchanges; QuadrigaCX;	The New York Attorney General’s office stated that its investigation revealed that Bitfinex had sent $850 million of corporate and customer funds to a Panamanian company Crypto Capital Corp, a payment processor that is allegedly holding the funds of other cryptocurrency exchanges, including QuadrigaCX that had reportedly lost $190 million after the sudden and mysterious death of its CEO.
communications; documents;	The court order issued by the NYAG bars Bitfinex operators from further draining Tether’s reserves or taking personal distributions or dividends from the reserves as well as from “destroying, deleting, or permitting others to delete, potentially relevant documents and communications, including documents and communications stored on any self-deleting or ‘ephemeral’ computer applications.”
communications; communications;	The court order issued by the NYAG bars Bitfinex operators from further draining Tether’s reserves or taking personal distributions or dividends from the reserves as well as from “destroying, deleting, or permitting others to delete, potentially relevant documents and communications, including documents and communications stored on any self-deleting or ‘ephemeral’ computer applications.”
a few cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	The company has already showcased its interest in blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies after the Samsung Galaxy S10 had in-built support for a few cryptocurrencies, including Ethereum (ETH).
coins; makerdao;	Over roughly the past 12 hours, Bitfinex has moved large amounts of bitcoin (BTC) and ether (ETH) from its wallets to unknown addresses, along with smaller amounts of other coins such as makerdao (MKR), online transaction monitoring resource Whale Alert revealed.
Companies; Binance;	Companies such as Binance have also offered an option for the use of credit cards to buy bitcoin but the cards do not load Bitcoin, which makes McAfee’s technology kind of different.
cryptos; bitcoin;	Does his enterprising involvement within the cryptocurrency space make bitcoin and other cryptos look bad?
traditional assets; common stocks;	The financial services giant allows customers to trade traditional assets including common stocks, preferred stocks, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, futures contracts, options, bonds and fixed income investments.
traditional assets; preferred stocks;	The financial services giant allows customers to trade traditional assets including common stocks, preferred stocks, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, futures contracts, options, bonds and fixed income investments.
traditional assets; mutual funds;	The financial services giant allows customers to trade traditional assets including common stocks, preferred stocks, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, futures contracts, options, bonds and fixed income investments.
traditional assets; exchange-traded funds;	The financial services giant allows customers to trade traditional assets including common stocks, preferred stocks, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, futures contracts, options, bonds and fixed income investments.
traditional assets; futures;	The financial services giant allows customers to trade traditional assets including common stocks, preferred stocks, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, futures contracts, options, bonds and fixed income investments.
digital currency; bitcoin;	“Investors should know that buying and using digital currency such as bitcoin carries risks.
bitcoin-related products; platforms;	There is also the risk of fraud related to companies claiming to offer bitcoin payment platforms and other bitcoin-related products and services.”
methods; orders;	A growing number of physical establishments and exchanges allow customers to buy and sell bitcoins using cash, credit cards, money orders and other methods.
stablecoins; Tether;	Unlike Tether and other stablecoins that are registered Money Services Businesses (MSB), PAX is authorized by the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS), and it was launched on 10th September, 2018.
notable centralised currencies; US;	It can be simply termed as a cryptocurrency that has low volatility against the world’s most notable centralised currencies such as US dollar, Euro, etc., giving it the ability to dispense enormous benefits for a decentralised internet.
blockchains; the Ontology-based main blockchain;	Per the release, the new token (PAXO) will be based on Ontology’s OEP-4 token standard, which will enable atomic swaps between the Ontology-based main blockchain and other blockchains.
blockchains; main blockchain;	The token (PAX) will support atomic swaps Ontology’s main blockchain and other blockchains.
stablecoins; Tether;	Unlike mane stablecoins including Tether that are registered as Money Services Businesses (MSB), PAX received the approval of the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS).
illicit activities; money;	According to local news outlets, the ban has been recommended due to concerns regarding their use in financing illicit activities including money laundering and terrorism.
the nation; Kotak;	The action by HDFC is similar to that taken by other banks in the nation, including Kotak Mahindra and Digibank.
companies; Cardano;	There have been several forays by blockchain companies such as Cardano who instituted a blockchain learning facility in the country.
illegal financial activities; laundering;	There have been several propagandas launched about the use of cryptocurrencies for money laundering, terrorism and other illegal financial activities.
illegal financial activities; terrorism;	There have been several propagandas launched about the use of cryptocurrencies for money laundering, terrorism and other illegal financial activities.
algorithms; Tendermint;	Cosmos, as a decentralised network consists of independent parallel blockchains powered by Byzantine Fault Tolerant (BFT) consensus algorithms such as Tendermint.
current platforms; scalability;	Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
current platforms; usability;	Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
current platforms; sovereignty;	Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
information; date;	The tweet also came with the following announcement by Binance that lists the token’s trading pairs, listing fee, availability date, and other information.
large cryptoassets; Bitcoin;	The research showed that based on weekly returns, large cryptoassets such as Bitcoin and Ethereum exhibit the highest correlations, but XRP displays a lower correlation and is an exception as the best diversifier amongst digital assets with a market cap above $3 billion.
large cryptoassets; Ethereum;	The research showed that based on weekly returns, large cryptoassets such as Bitcoin and Ethereum exhibit the highest correlations, but XRP displays a lower correlation and is an exception as the best diversifier amongst digital assets with a market cap above $3 billion.
potential geographical effects; a dichotomy;	Also, there are potential geographical effects such as a dichotomy between American and Asian cryptoassets.
exchanges; Binance;	The Bitcoin SV debacle has seen the project delisted from several prominent cryptocurrency exchanges, including Binance, Kraken, and ShapeShift.
exchanges; Kraken;	The Bitcoin SV debacle has seen the project delisted from several prominent cryptocurrency exchanges, including Binance, Kraken, and ShapeShift.
countries; Russia;	“For example, for many years cryptocurrencies are actively circulating around the world, but in fact, most countries, including Russia, do not regulate their use,” he noted.
businesses; a licensed exchange;	In the past year, the HTP has also become home to dozens of crypto businesses including a licensed exchange and companies developing blockchain, crypto payment, and mining solutions.
businesses; companies;	In the past year, the HTP has also become home to dozens of crypto businesses including a licensed exchange and companies developing blockchain, crypto payment, and mining solutions.
incentives; holiday;	They were able to benefit from the presidential decree “On the Development of the Digital Economy,” which came into force in March 2018 introducing a 5-year tax holiday and other incentives for entities dealing with digital assets and related technologies that are registered residents of the park.
countries; South;	Plans and proposals to set up regulatory sandboxes for crypto-related activities have been put forward in many other countries such as South Korea, India, U.K., Spain, Thailand, Taiwan, Mexico, South Africa, and Israel.
countries; Russia;	“For example, for many years cryptocurrencies are actively circulating around the world, but in fact, most countries, including Russia, do not regulate their use,” he said as quoted by News Bitcoin.
providers; exchanges;	Finland’s president has approved a law to regulate cryptocurrency service providers including exchanges, custodian wallet providers, and issuers of cryptocurrencies.
providers; custodian wallet;	Finland’s president has approved a law to regulate cryptocurrency service providers including exchanges, custodian wallet providers, and issuers of cryptocurrencies.
the smart wallet; the Jaguar;	Engineers have equipped several vehicles with the smart wallet, including the Jaguar F-PACE and Range Rover Velar.
several vehicles; the Jaguar;	The software is being built at the company's software development center in Shannon, Ireland, where "engineers have already equipped several vehicles, including the Jaguar F-PACE and Range Rover Velar, with 'smart wallet' features; however, the company does not know yet when this technology will become "commercially available."
comments; “;	comments such as “This is great!
information; traffic;	Drivers would be able to earn IOTA for sharing information such as traffic conditions, or potholes via automatic sensors connected navigation providers or local traffic authorities.
data; traffic;	Using ‘Smart Wallet’ technology, owners earn credits by enabling their cars to automatically report useful road condition data such as traffic congestion or potholes to navigation providers or local authorities.
rewards; coffee;	Drivers could then redeem these for rewards such as coffee, or conveniently use them to automatically pay tolls, parking fees and for smart charging electric vehicles.
several vehicles; the Jaguar;	The advanced connected technology is being trialed at the new Jaguar Land Rover software engineering base in Shannon, Republic of Ireland, where engineers have already equipped several vehicles, including the Jaguar F-PACE and Range Rover Velar, with ‘Smart Wallet’ functionality.
–; traffic;	Using the software that has been developed, users will be able to earn MIOTA tokens for sharing data – such as traffic congestion or the presence of potholes.
several vehicles; the Jaguar;	The company did not specify exactly when this new service could be launched, but they said that the technology is being trialed at the new Jaguar Land Rover software engineering base in Shannon, Republic of Ireland, where engineers have already equipped several vehicles, including the Jaguar F-PACE and Range Rover Velar, with ‘Smart Wallet’ functionality.
various products; road;	The drivers will then be able to redeem them for various products including road tolls and even coffee, Jaguar says.
vehicles; the Jaguar;	Engineers have fitted ‘smart wallets’ to vehicles including the Jaguar F-PACE and Range Rover Velar.
vehicles; the Jaguar;	The firm’s engineers have already installed the same on vehicles, including the Jaguar F-PACE and Range Rover Velar.
information; congestion;	The reward is meant to serve as an incentive to encourage drivers to share traffic information such as congestion or bad road conditions.
information; bad road;	The reward is meant to serve as an incentive to encourage drivers to share traffic information such as congestion or bad road conditions.
products; QTUM;	The app provides a digital wallet address as well as a digital bank account, offering a range of investment products such as QTUM, IOTA, and now NEO, allowing them to be easily transferred withdrawn - or indeed, used within Apple pay and Samsung Pay - without any fees.
products; IOTA;	The app provides a digital wallet address as well as a digital bank account, offering a range of investment products such as QTUM, IOTA, and now NEO, allowing them to be easily transferred withdrawn - or indeed, used within Apple pay and Samsung Pay - without any fees.
processors; Apple;	NEO (NEO) and Zeux, a London-based fintech company that allows users to convert their cryptocurrency and pay in just one click, announced a partnership Monday that will bring NEO to popular payment processors including Apple (AAPL) and Samsung Pay.
thing; DEX;	Going further, he took a potshot at Binance’s CZ, stating that his work is centralized and that there is no such thing as DEX or decentralized exchange.
out-of-the-mainstream methods; crypto;	The use of crypto, and other out-of-the-mainstream methods, in fraud is necessitated by anti-scam measures used by financial institutions.
government; Scamwatch;	'Total combined losses reported to Scamwatch and other government agencies exceeded $489 million AUSD, $149 million more than 2017', ACCC Deputy Chair Delia Rickard said.
crimes; money;	'Some scam victims are embarrassed, some are unaware of where to report scams and others may fear the consequences of their own behaviour, particularly if they are manipulated into committing crimes such as money laundering or participating in pyramid schemes.
trading; trading;	These schemes often require unsuspecting investors to make crypto-based payments for investment opportunities in forex, commodity trading and other trading schemes.
methods; gift;	'To avoid the fraud and scam detection systems employed by banks, scammers are now increasingly asking for payment via unusual payment methods such as gift cards and cryptocurrencies', the report states.
non-smartphone accessories; virtual reality;	Notably, the company has gradually diversified its product offering, moving into non-smartphone accessories such as virtual reality hardware and cameras.
areas; browsing;	In addition to supporting the management of cryptocurrencies and related transactions, and virtualized personal electronics wallet seen in the prior generation, the new phone will extend its blockchain apps to include other areas such as browsing, messaging, and social media.
areas; messaging;	In addition to supporting the management of cryptocurrencies and related transactions, and virtualized personal electronics wallet seen in the prior generation, the new phone will extend its blockchain apps to include other areas such as browsing, messaging, and social media.
regulators; the Securities;	The US regulators, especially the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) continue to crack down on ICOs, with some of them labeled as securities.
regulators; Exchange;	The US regulators, especially the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) continue to crack down on ICOs, with some of them labeled as securities.
industry; phones;	Gauthier mentioned that the hardware industry, including phones and computers, is moving towards enhanced security for users.
industry; computers;	Gauthier mentioned that the hardware industry, including phones and computers, is moving towards enhanced security for users.
regulatory feedback; the acquisition;	In a blog post, Bakkt announced a number of new measures in its apparent effort to stimulate regulatory feedback, including the acquisition of Digital Asset Custody Company (DACC).
digital assets; Bitcoin;	First, he confirmed the news that Bakkt had filed an application to the New York Department of Financial Services, the state’s primary financial markets regulator that has historically been stringent yet somewhat amicable towards Bitcoin and other digital assets.
digital assets; physical Bitcoin;	As with other exchanges that deal with physical Bitcoin and other digital assets, most of the holdings will be held in cold storage, backed by a $100 million insurance policy (exact partner wasn’t announced, but BitGo might be a good guess).
institutional clients; hedge;	BNY Mellon has a longstanding history of safeguarding the assets of institutional clients such as hedge funds, asset managers, and broker-dealers, and we’re excited to work with them”.
applications; YouTube;	In the future, we'd like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
applications; Alipay;	In the future, we'd like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
smart contracts; NEO;	Simplified Architecture: all assets are created in smart contracts, including NEO and GAS, in an effort to unify all transaction types.
smart contracts; GAS;	Simplified Architecture: all assets are created in smart contracts, including NEO and GAS, in an effort to unify all transaction types.
applications; YouTube;	In the future, we’d like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
applications; Alipay;	In the future, we’d like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
features; Internet;	According to Neo’s announcement, the new network will launch from a genesis block and have a number of features, including Internet resource access, new pricing model, redesigned P2P protocol, simplified architecture, NeoID, and more.
features; support;	An improved NeoVM, a lightweight virtual machine for executing smart contracts, will become a pure virtual machine and include such features as support for static members and exception handling.
services; access;	EOSIO combines a smart contract platform and decentralized operating system, providing services such as access control, authentication, storage, computing power and more.
multiple cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	At the time of writing, OK Coin offers users the chance to trade, buy and sell multiple cryptocurrencies including bitcoin (BTC), bitcoin cash (BCH), Litecoin (LTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Ethereum Classic (ETC).
[; ] certificates;	An incredible amount of paperwork [such as] certificates of origin, and certain commodities require specific licenses.
organizations; BCG;	As most of you probably know already, on 3 August 2018, Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), "a leading operator of global exchanges, clearing houses, data and listings services," announced that it was starting a new company called Bakkt that would be "working with a marquee group of organizations including BCG, Microsoft, Starbucks, and others, to create an integrated platform that enables consumers and institutions to buy, sell, store and spend digital assets on a seamless global network."
organizations; Microsoft;	As most of you probably know already, on 3 August 2018, Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), "a leading operator of global exchanges, clearing houses, data and listings services," announced that it was starting a new company called Bakkt that would be "working with a marquee group of organizations including BCG, Microsoft, Starbucks, and others, to create an integrated platform that enables consumers and institutions to buy, sell, store and spend digital assets on a seamless global network."
organizations; Starbucks;	As most of you probably know already, on 3 August 2018, Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), "a leading operator of global exchanges, clearing houses, data and listings services," announced that it was starting a new company called Bakkt that would be "working with a marquee group of organizations including BCG, Microsoft, Starbucks, and others, to create an integrated platform that enables consumers and institutions to buy, sell, store and spend digital assets on a seamless global network."
automated controls; multi-factor;	"Customer funds are also protected by layers of automated controls including multi-factor authentication, destination address whitelisting, and role-based permissions."
non-corporate accounts; the ones;	In the early stages of the hack that surfaced two weeks ago, hackers got hold of Microsoft’s customer support account details, leading to data leaks pertaining to all unprotected and non-corporate accounts, including the ones on Outlook, Hotmail and MSN, reported Motherboard.
well-known names; Twitter;	Known as Lightning Torch, the relay, which used Bitcoin’s Lightning Network to ‘travel’ between holders, saw participation from well-known names including Twitter’s own CEO Jack Dorsey.
accessible financial system; payments;	Foremost among these is the creation of a “globally accessible financial system, including payments, store of value [...] insurance,” as well as a disintermediated ETH-powered digital identity infrastructure.
accessible financial system; store;	Foremost among these is the creation of a “globally accessible financial system, including payments, store of value [...] insurance,” as well as a disintermediated ETH-powered digital identity infrastructure.
accessible financial system; payments;	My top picks (1):* A globally accessible financial system, including payments, store of value, also more advanced stuff like insurance https://t.co/AGoMt6r2wK* Identity: "sign in with Facebook" -> "sign in with an ethereum account, no intermediaries".
accessible financial system; store;	My top picks (1):* A globally accessible financial system, including payments, store of value, also more advanced stuff like insurance https://t.co/AGoMt6r2wK* Identity: "sign in with Facebook" -> "sign in with an ethereum account, no intermediaries".
altcoins; ];	The month saw the Bitfinex-Tether episode come to light, bringing down the valuation of Bitcoin [BTC] and other altcoins shortly after.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	At the time of press, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin Cash and Binance coin are dictating price movement as they drag down by more than 5%.
coins; LTC;	Other coins such as LTC, XRP, and ETH are recording moderate drops of around 2% and 4%.
coins; XRP;	Other coins such as LTC, XRP, and ETH are recording moderate drops of around 2% and 4%.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	This matters for bitcoin investors because the more reputable exchanges are launching digital currency-related financial products, the more institutional investors are likely to invest their funds in bitcoin and other digital currencies in the future.
companies; Alibaba;	Qtum features a strong team lead by Patrick Dai... with other team members coming from prestigious and well-known Chinese tech companies such as Alibaba, Baidu, and Tencent.
companies; Baidu;	Qtum features a strong team lead by Patrick Dai... with other team members coming from prestigious and well-known Chinese tech companies such as Alibaba, Baidu, and Tencent.
digital assets–a; Bitcoin;	Bakkt, in addition to offering institutional support for cryptocurrency trading, is planning to become fully compliant with the CFTC in order to integrate futures contracts for Bitcoin and other digital assets–a process that has delayed that launch of the exchange as the regulatory details are sorted.
top cryptos; Bitcoin;	Nonetheless, the price of Bitcoin and other top cryptos continues to rise, with BTC up 3 percent on the day.
companies; LedgerX;	CFTC Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo says companies such as LedgerX, a US-regulated Bitcoin derivatives exchange and clearinghouse that is monitored by the CFTC, are proliferating and becoming increasingly complex.
companies; a US-regulated Bitcoin;	CFTC Chairman J. Christopher Giancarlo says companies such as LedgerX, a US-regulated Bitcoin derivatives exchange and clearinghouse that is monitored by the CFTC, are proliferating and becoming increasingly complex.
detractors; billionaire;	Jessop debunks detractors, including billionaire Warren Buffet, JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and world-renowned economist Nouriel Roubini who have accused Bitcoin enthusiasts of being unsound, crazy or toxic.
the USA; pensions;	Fidelity Investments surveyed 441 institutional investors from the USA, including pensions, hedge funds, financial advisors, and endowments.
the USA; hedge;	Fidelity Investments surveyed 441 institutional investors from the USA, including pensions, hedge funds, financial advisors, and endowments.
cases; voting;	The framework has reportedly been built from the ground up, and is prepared for real-world use cases such as voting system, supply chain management, and property registration.
multiple purposes; advertising;	Wall Street Journal reports that Facebook is looking to implement a cryptocurrency on the platform to be used ideally on the social network for multiple purposes, including advertising on the site.
altcoins; Bitcoin;	According to The Irrawaddy, the Central Bank of Myanmar has sternly warned its citizens about the dangers of trading with Bitcoin and other altcoins.
altcoins; ether;	However, the apex bank noted that the sale and purchase of bitcoin and other altcoins such as ether and Litecoin occur on websites and personal Facebook accounts.
altcoins; Litecoin;	However, the apex bank noted that the sale and purchase of bitcoin and other altcoins such as ether and Litecoin occur on websites and personal Facebook accounts.
financial institutions; agencies;	Government agencies, regulators, banks, and other financial institutions have constantly warned the general public against cryptocurrency trading because it is “unstable” and risky.
financial institutions; regulators;	Government agencies, regulators, banks, and other financial institutions have constantly warned the general public against cryptocurrency trading because it is “unstable” and risky.
financial institutions; banks;	Government agencies, regulators, banks, and other financial institutions have constantly warned the general public against cryptocurrency trading because it is “unstable” and risky.
altcoins; bitcoin;	Most institutions have gone as far as refusing to offer services to customers of bitcoin and other altcoins, as the industry is still largely unregulated.
networks; Tron;	Other networks such as Tron (TRX) and EOS have solved scalability issues with a more centralized network.
several big exchanges; Binance;	So far, several big exchanges, including Binance, OKex, and Houbi, have successfully organized IEOs for different blockchain projects, and the results were impressive: Both for the projects and the investors.
several big exchanges; OKex;	So far, several big exchanges, including Binance, OKex, and Houbi, have successfully organized IEOs for different blockchain projects, and the results were impressive: Both for the projects and the investors.
trusthworthy stablecoins; https;	With the confirmation that Tether is not fully collateralized, my hope is that the industry graduates to more trusthworthy stablecoins, including https://t.co/lZQKCUDjAHOne more piece of reliable infrastructure to help build the open financial system.
the intermediaries; Coinbase;	DEXs allow investors to buy, sell and trade cryptocurrency in a completely decentralized marketplace, without the intermediaries such as Coinbase and other companies operating trading platforms.
client-based features; merchants;	While Coinbase offers a convenient service for merchants and other client-based features, cryptocurrency was ultimately designed to be transferred and transacted outside centralized portals.
traditional safe-haven investments; gold;	Video ads are being taken out to advise investors to put money into bitcoin instead of traditional safe-haven investments such as gold.
bulls; Tim;	Other bitcoin bulls such as Tim Draper believe that the price of bitcoin will be at $250,000 by 2022.
social media; Twitter;	An online movement ‘#DeleteCoinbase spread like wildfire through Twitter and other social media platforms, encouraging Coinbase customers to delete their accounts.
new countries; India;	He was essential to Coinbase expanding to new countries including India and South Korea.
new countries; South;	He was essential to Coinbase expanding to new countries including India and South Korea.
problems; financial inclusion;	According to Nigel Green, there are five fundamental factors that are driving these HNI’s to invest in digital assets: Their borderless nature, the fact that they are digital and in the spirit of technological advancement, provision of solutions to real world problems such as financial inclusion, demographics showing younger generations will embrace this technology, and the gradual entry of institutional investors.
problems; demographics;	According to Nigel Green, there are five fundamental factors that are driving these HNI’s to invest in digital assets: Their borderless nature, the fact that they are digital and in the spirit of technological advancement, provision of solutions to real world problems such as financial inclusion, demographics showing younger generations will embrace this technology, and the gradual entry of institutional investors.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	While their arguments may have some merit, it can be used to make Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies more resilient.
gems; account;	And the crimes ascribed to Wells Fargo, well, they include such gems as account forgeries, insurance fraud, and illegal charges to mention a few.
digital assets; BTC;	The prominent commentator explains that $1 billion worth of new tokens will have a negative impact on BTC and other digital assets, as the market needs to “absorb” an influx of LEO tokens.
crypto; bitcoin;	$1 billion IEO is a lot of “new” token supply and probably has a short-term negative impact on $BTC #bitcoin and other crypto as the market needs to absorb this supply…
major cities; New;	Tyler notes that both trolleys and trains also count, indicating that the advertisements may be found in major cities including New York City and San Francisco.
reserves; fiat dollars;	Subsequently, lawyers from Tether confirmed preexisting rumors that its tokens did not have full reserve backing, and was in fact only 74% backed by fiat dollars and other reserves.
crypto; bitcoin;	$1 billion IEO is a lot of “new” token supply and probably has a short-term negative impact on $BTC #bitcoin and other crypto as the market needs to absorb this supply…
crimes; bank;	The United States, meanwhile, has also charged two figures reportedly associated with Panama-based Crypto Capital Corp., the entity which received the $850 million from Bitfinex, with crimes including bank fraud and acting as an unlicensed money transmitter.
platforms; Bitfinex;	Per the LEO token documents, the token will reportedly be a utility token for iFinex’s trading platforms including Bitfinex, EOSfinex, and future trading platforms launched by iFinex, the parent company behind Bitfinex and Tether.
platforms; EOSfinex;	Per the LEO token documents, the token will reportedly be a utility token for iFinex’s trading platforms including Bitfinex, EOSfinex, and future trading platforms launched by iFinex, the parent company behind Bitfinex and Tether.
institutions; Harvard;	“He has presented his research at a variety of institutions including Harvard University, MIT, Yale University, London Business School, New York University, UC Berkeley, Stanford University, the Federal Reserve Bank, the US Treasury, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the World Bank, and the White House OSTP.”
evidence; screenshots;	The user, after being accused of crying wolf, submitted evidence, including screenshots, addresses, and referral IDs, and asked the authorities to put the accounts on hold while they initiate action.
evidence; addresses;	The user, after being accused of crying wolf, submitted evidence, including screenshots, addresses, and referral IDs, and asked the authorities to put the accounts on hold while they initiate action.
the top cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	The market is currently marginally harsh for the top cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, except for Bitcoin Cash.
factors; the cut-off;	For Bitcoin, the unsure behavior contrasts with the start of its 2019 recovery April 1, which notably coincided with political instability from factors such as the cut-off date for Brexit.
payments; Carnegie;	Almost every week a new bank or association is implementing XRP for cross border payments, including Carnegie Mellon, Western Union, and the Bank of Dohfar, to name a few.
%; Litecoin;	Many within the top ten are citing dips of circa -3% such as Litecoin (LTC) down -3.68% and EOS citing a 2.93% decrease in 24 hours.
key pieces; data;	However, an array of data and other key pieces of evidence tells us that more likely than not, 2019 will be an absolutely monumental year for Bitcoin.
factors; needs;	“We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	“We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; needs;	"We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	"We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Fidelity entering the cryptocurrency space is seen as a huge next step for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
brokerages; E*Trade;	The launch of the new services places Fidelity on par with brokerages such as E*Trade Financial Corp and Robinhood who provide cryptocurrency trading services to clients.
factors; needs;	She further said that the firm currently focuses on Bitcoin but is planning to expand its services depending on customer needs and other factors.
factors; needs;	“We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	“We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Some of the big players in the financial sector have been critical of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, with some saying that Bitcoin in unviable as a store of value.
financial institutions; large traditional banks;	However, the entry of large traditional banks and other financial institutions into the crypto space could work to change that.
factors; needs;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; needs;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; needs;	“We currently have a select set of clients we’re supporting on our platform… We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	“We currently have a select set of clients we’re supporting on our platform… We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; needs;	“We currently have a select set of clients we’re supporting on our platform… We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.”
factors; jurisdictions;	“We currently have a select set of clients we’re supporting on our platform… We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.”
factors; needs;	“We currently have a select set of clients we’re supporting on our platform,” Fidelity spokeswoman Arlene Roberts said in an email to Bloomberg.”We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	“We currently have a select set of clients we’re supporting on our platform,” Fidelity spokeswoman Arlene Roberts said in an email to Bloomberg.”We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; needs;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; needs;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; needs;	“We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
factors; jurisdictions;	“We will continue to roll out our services over the coming weeks and months based on our clients’ needs, jurisdictions, and other factors.
traditional assets; gold;	As Bitcoin hovers just below $6,000 at an all-time high of $5,955 for 2019, its year-to-date return on investment at 53% has surpassed a number of traditional assets, including gold, tech stocks, real estate and global stocks.
traditional assets; tech stocks;	As Bitcoin hovers just below $6,000 at an all-time high of $5,955 for 2019, its year-to-date return on investment at 53% has surpassed a number of traditional assets, including gold, tech stocks, real estate and global stocks.
traditional assets; real estate;	As Bitcoin hovers just below $6,000 at an all-time high of $5,955 for 2019, its year-to-date return on investment at 53% has surpassed a number of traditional assets, including gold, tech stocks, real estate and global stocks.
traditional assets; global stocks;	As Bitcoin hovers just below $6,000 at an all-time high of $5,955 for 2019, its year-to-date return on investment at 53% has surpassed a number of traditional assets, including gold, tech stocks, real estate and global stocks.
a large-scale exchange; the CBOE;	Given the historic price movements that follow the approval of a cryptocurrency futures contract, and if fronted by a large-scale exchange such as the CBOE or the CME, the market could continue its bullish swing, this time spearheaded by Ether.
a large-scale exchange; the CME;	Given the historic price movements that follow the approval of a cryptocurrency futures contract, and if fronted by a large-scale exchange such as the CBOE or the CME, the market could continue its bullish swing, this time spearheaded by Ether.
some popular tokens; DAI;	In the meantime, the team launched STX with some popular tokens including DAI, MKR, XCHF, with BAT, KNC, and more coming soon.
some popular tokens; MKR;	In the meantime, the team launched STX with some popular tokens including DAI, MKR, XCHF, with BAT, KNC, and more coming soon.
some popular tokens; XCHF;	In the meantime, the team launched STX with some popular tokens including DAI, MKR, XCHF, with BAT, KNC, and more coming soon.
some additional features; buy;	The STX team is currently implementing some additional features such as buy and sell limit orders and stop-loss orders which should make STX an attractive way to interact with Uniswap.
trading; banks;	In the longer term, when banks and other trading counterparts have updated legacy systems and processes, Zeeb sees the potential for decommissioning the traditional (non-digital) infrastructure altogether.
several key positions; Chief;	Stiglitz who has held several key positions including Chief Economist at World Bank and currently a professor of economics at the University of Columbia said cryptocurrencies move value off transparent platforms to dark platforms that encourage illicit activities.
haters; Warren;	There are several other crypto haters such as Warren Buffet and Charlie Munger who have called in the industry several names.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Even though the most highlighted message left behind by the economist on an interview with CNBC was the proposal of shutting down “the” cryptocurrencies, Stigilitz appeared to be about to say “it’s blockchain, not crypto” when he exposed his views regarding some of the advantages of the technology put forward by Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies along the last ten years.
Bitcoin; CoinJoin;	Plenty of people believe that privacy coins such as Monero and Zcash will eventually be the dominant mode, while privacy innovations in Bitcoin such as CoinJoin have seen a massive increase in usage.
phenomena; unemployment;	In a number of contributions about different markets, Stiglitz has shown that asymmetric information can provide the key to understanding many observed market phenomena, including unemployment and credit rationing.”
phenomena; credit;	In a number of contributions about different markets, Stiglitz has shown that asymmetric information can provide the key to understanding many observed market phenomena, including unemployment and credit rationing.”
prestigious universities; Cambridge;	Stiglitz, who has received more than 40 honorary degrees from prestigious universities including Cambridge and Harvard, believes the world’s financial system and the global economy would be “better regulated if all the data [was accessible] in real-time.”
prestigious universities; Harvard;	Stiglitz, who has received more than 40 honorary degrees from prestigious universities including Cambridge and Harvard, believes the world’s financial system and the global economy would be “better regulated if all the data [was accessible] in real-time.”
critics; Warren;	Again without elaborating on how a decentralized entity would be “shut down” and by whom, Stiglitz revealed a familiar gap in understanding of Bitcoin in particular, similar to fellow arch critics such as Warren Buffett.
crypto assets; Bitcoin;	However, his grasp on Bitcoin and other crypto assets is seriously lacking.
illicit activities; money;	Stiglitz explains that because there were not enough means to trace the funds, the use of cryptocurrencies made it very easy to engage in illicit activities such as money laundering, tax evasion, etc.
currencies; the USD;	However, he believes that digital payments are the way to go and supports the use of government-backed electronic money pegged to fiat currencies such as the USD.
countries; Venezuela;	However, they have become important hedging tools in countries such as Venezuela where the local currencies have collapsed.
Companies; Fidelity;	Companies such as Fidelity, BlackRock, JP Morgan Chase, and Facebook are all dipping their feet into crypto.
Companies; BlackRock;	Companies such as Fidelity, BlackRock, JP Morgan Chase, and Facebook are all dipping their feet into crypto.
Companies; JP;	Companies such as Fidelity, BlackRock, JP Morgan Chase, and Facebook are all dipping their feet into crypto.
networks; Bitcoin;	In a recent interview with CNBC, Stiglitz cites his concern over the illicit use of digital currencies as reasoning to shut down crypto networks, including Bitcoin (BTC).
altcoins; Ethereum;	Bitcoin has made all the moves generally lifting crypto markets and increasing its own dominance largely at the expense of the higher cap altcoins such as Ethereum and XRP.
altcoins; XRP;	Bitcoin has made all the moves generally lifting crypto markets and increasing its own dominance largely at the expense of the higher cap altcoins such as Ethereum and XRP.
topics; network;	Contained in the document were 25 Ethereum-related questions that covered a host of topics including network architecture, governance, and the role of ether (ETH).
regulators; the [;	Todaro also noted that in the long-term, a CFTC-regulated crypto futures market “could usher in confidence among [other federal] regulators such as the [US] Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) which could pave the way for a [cryptocurrency-based] exchange-traded fund (ETF).” This would add even more liquidity to the larger Ether market.
networked resources; IoT;	Exploited machines can include computers and other networked resources such as IoT devices.
the world; Brave;	Some of these found vulnerabilities were in some of the largest cryptocurrency networks in the world, including Brave, EOS, and Monero.
the world; EOS;	Some of these found vulnerabilities were in some of the largest cryptocurrency networks in the world, including Brave, EOS, and Monero.
platforms; ZBG.com;	In the latest Tron Weekly Report, Tron announced the listing of TRX on the well renowned global exchange, Huobi, along with the other prominent trading platforms such as ZBG.com and PIEXGO.
platforms; PIEXGO;	In the latest Tron Weekly Report, Tron announced the listing of TRX on the well renowned global exchange, Huobi, along with the other prominent trading platforms such as ZBG.com and PIEXGO.
popular choices; Google;	Brave Software's browser has been picking up momentum in recent weeks as crypto enthusiasts move over from popular choices such as Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox.
intrusive practices; unauthorized advertising;	The idea is to reward users for viewing content while rewarding creators for their work, leaving aside intrusive practices such as unauthorized advertising, data tracking, etc.
intrusive practices; data;	The idea is to reward users for viewing content while rewarding creators for their work, leaving aside intrusive practices such as unauthorized advertising, data tracking, etc.
tools; Solidity;	The new extension can also reportedly be used for building apps on the public Ethereum network, and enables developers to use open source blockchain tools such as Solidity and Truffle.
tools; Truffle;	The new extension can also reportedly be used for building apps on the public Ethereum network, and enables developers to use open source blockchain tools such as Solidity and Truffle.
blockchain; community-published Solidity;	While community-published Solidity and other blockchain tools for Visual Studio Code already exist, the blog post notes that this is the first official set of such development tools officially released by Microsoft, stating:
tools; Solidity;	Moreover, individuals can use open source blockchain tools, including Solidity and Truffe.
tools; Truffe;	Moreover, individuals can use open source blockchain tools, including Solidity and Truffe.
services; Azure;	Azure Blockchain service is a managed Ethereum service that you can deploy and interact with Solidity contracts as well as integrate into other Azure based services such as Azure Flow, Logic Apps or storage services like SQL Server or Cosmos DB.
Blockchain; Solidity;	Sure, there have been Solidity and other Blockchain technology extensions for Visual Studio Code published by others in the community, however now there is also an official set of tools published by Microsoft.
current platforms; scalability;	ATOM chart dating back to before the initial Binance listing (CoinCodex) Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
current platforms; usability;	ATOM chart dating back to before the initial Binance listing (CoinCodex) Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
current platforms; sovereignty;	ATOM chart dating back to before the initial Binance listing (CoinCodex) Self-styled as the third iteration of blockchain technology, Cosmos plans to solve many issues plaguing current platforms, including scalability, usability and sovereignty.
regulators; the SEC;	He added that in the long run, a CFTC-supervised futures market could usher in confidence among regulators such as the SEC which could pave the way for an ETF, an exchange-traded fund bringing additional liquidity to ether.
upgrades; Casper;	Ethereum [ETH], the second largest cryptocurrency on the charts, has been in the news multiple times owing to its forks such as Constantinople and Istanbul, and upcoming upgrades such as Casper.
capabilities; part;	Together with QEDIT, Ant Financial is committed to providing such capabilities as part of our blockchain services.”
firms; crypto exchange;	QEDIT was reportedly co-founded by CEO Jonathan Rouach in 2016 and Ruben Arnold, both of whom have previously founded crypto firms, including crypto exchange Bits of Gold and LedgerLock — which provided security services for a range of digital assets and was subsequently sold to Digital Assets Holdings.
privacy-focused technologies; zero-knowledge;	As reported in April, Dutch global banking and financial services corporation ING has recently introduced a new solution that extends its existing blockchain privacy-focused technologies such as zero-knowledge range proof and zero-knowledge set membership.
users; intermediaries;	ASX mentioned that the primary aim behind this innovation is to reduce costs and complexity and facilitate new business opportunities for intermediaries, issuers, investors and other users.
users; issuers;	ASX mentioned that the primary aim behind this innovation is to reduce costs and complexity and facilitate new business opportunities for intermediaries, issuers, investors and other users.
users; investors;	ASX mentioned that the primary aim behind this innovation is to reduce costs and complexity and facilitate new business opportunities for intermediaries, issuers, investors and other users.
options; ISO;	Although the exchange is encouraging its users to utilize the DLT nodes connection method, the other access options such as ISO 20022 via AMQP and SWIFT remain open for use.
users; intermediaries;	This innovation is designed to reduce costs and complexity, and facilitate new business opportunities for intermediaries, issuers, investors and other users.
users; issuers;	This innovation is designed to reduce costs and complexity, and facilitate new business opportunities for intermediaries, issuers, investors and other users.
users; investors;	This innovation is designed to reduce costs and complexity, and facilitate new business opportunities for intermediaries, issuers, investors and other users.
outlets; some major ones;	The news about the commercial in question was reported by various news outlets, including some major ones.
Twitter; analysts;	The Drop Gold campaign persuades people to forget about gold and get Bitcoin instead, whereas many crypto community members on Twitter, including analysts, are filling threads with comments, saying that it is better to keep your gold rather than drop it for the sake of Bitcoin.
crypto; DonAlt;	A rather peculiar debate is going on Twitter by one DonAlt and other crypto fans.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
illegal transactions; virtual currency;	According to WeChat’s payment policy change, “merchants may not engage in illegal transactions such as virtual currency.”
illegal transactions; virtual currency;	According to new reports, the messaging giant has updated its policy, stating that “merchants may not engage in illegal transactions such as virtual currency (trading)” or issuing tokens.
illegal transactions; [;	The updated policy mentions that "merchants may not engage in illegal transactions such as [those involving] virtual currencies."
major websites; Facebook;	The Chinese government is well-known for censoring and also completely blocking most major websites including Facebook, Google, and YouTube.
major websites; Google;	The Chinese government is well-known for censoring and also completely blocking most major websites including Facebook, Google, and YouTube.
illegal transactions; virtual currency;	The updated rules — coming into force on May 31 — state that “merchants may not engage in illegal transactions such as virtual currency," the issuance of tokens, selling pornography or online gambling.
Beijing; Shopping;	A while before that, venues in Beijing including Shopping malls, hotels, restaurants, and office buildings were required to turn down activities that are crypto-related.
payment; WeChat;	With WeChat and other payment apps continuing to expand restrictions and impose bans, he assumes more people will flock to cryptocurrency in response.
rival altcoins; Cardano;	However, it is important to note that this trend is not necessarily the result of poor token performance but rather a consequence of the exceptional behavior of rival altcoins such as Cardano and Binance Coin.
rival altcoins; Binance;	However, it is important to note that this trend is not necessarily the result of poor token performance but rather a consequence of the exceptional behavior of rival altcoins such as Cardano and Binance Coin.
countries; United;	It has been in existence since October 2014, and made specifically to work with series of iPhone products, with a number of users in about 30 countries including United States, United Kingdom and China, making payments of goods and services easy in merchant stores with the aid of in-built NFC chip.
personal expenses; the purchase;	The Federal Trade Commission is going after the creator of the iBackpack, Doug Monahan, who used the crowdfunded money towards a variety of personal expenses, including the purchase of Bitcoin.
personal expenses; the purchase;	Instead the backpack creator used the crowdfunded money toward a variety of personal expenses, including the purchase of Bitcoin, personal ATM withdrawals, and to pay off his credit cards.
the stated products; backpacks;	Specifically, the defendants allegedly did not use the funds for development, production and distribution of the stated products such as backpacks, but purchased bitcoins, made automated teller machines (ATM) withdrawals and paid off personal credit cards.
ancillary relief; rescission;	The court may therefore award ancillary relief, including rescission or reformation of contracts, restitution, refunds, and the disgorgement of ill-gotten funds.
ancillary relief; reformation;	The court may therefore award ancillary relief, including rescission or reformation of contracts, restitution, refunds, and the disgorgement of ill-gotten funds.
conferences; Consensus;	According to SFOX’s management, the volatility of cryptocurrencies may be affected by “Bitcoin exchange-traded-fund (ETF) decisions,” expiration of crypto futures contracts, and the discussions during “major” crypto and blockchain conferences such as Consensus which is taking place mid-May.
payment; banks;	This new move will increase XRP adoption by banks and other payment processors who are the major users of Ripple xCurrent.
space; Hodlonaut;	For anyone who’s missed out, Craig Wright has filed lawsuits against several prominent members of the crypto space, including Hodlonaut – creator of the lightning torch, Vitalik Buterin, and Bitcoin podcaster Peter McCormack, for calling out Wright’s claims to be Satoshi Nakamoto.
websites; Wikileaks;	In fact, various important personalities in the community such as Roger Ver, John McAfee, Vitalik Buterin and websites such as Wikileaks have called him a fraud because of that.
exchanges; Binance;	CSW continued so Binance and other exchanges met their promise.
value; Bitcoin;	While still far higher than alternative chains for transferring value such as Bitcoin Cash, the reduction in fees brought about by scaling technologies is a positive sign for Bitcoin.
advances; the Lightning;	But if a similar bull run starts kicking up in mid-2019, this time Bitcoin will be bolstered by the work of SegWit and speed advances such as the Lightning Network.
topics; the Tor;	Numerous freelance reporters worked for Deepdotweb, covering a wide range of topics including the Tor network, cryptocurrency markets, opsec and privacy.
services; the Tor;	As reported, darknet marketplaces are accessed using services such as the Tor browser, which uses so-called onion routing — a technology for anonymous information exchange — so that users can remain concealed and circumnavigate censorship by disguising their IP-address.
assets; cryptocurrencies;	The action resulted in the seizure of millions in cash, reported six figure amounts in cryptocurrencies, and other assets, as well as the arrest of three German citizens.
Canada; a demo;	The branded rickshaws are the latest addition to a growing number of locations across the UK and Canada, including a demo unit at Number 11, Downing Street.
tactics; phishing;	Per Binance, hackers employed a variety of tactics including phishing and viruses to obtain a large number of 2FA codes and API keys in addition to other information.
tactics; viruses;	Per Binance, hackers employed a variety of tactics including phishing and viruses to obtain a large number of 2FA codes and API keys in addition to other information.
this information; phishing;	Binance reports that the malicious group/entity used a serious of techniques to get their hands on this information, including phishing, viruses, potentially the extremely devious SIM swapping technique, and “other [vectors of] attack.”
this information; viruses;	Binance reports that the malicious group/entity used a serious of techniques to get their hands on this information, including phishing, viruses, potentially the extremely devious SIM swapping technique, and “other [vectors of] attack.”
this information; phishing;	Binance reports that the malicious group/entity used a serious of techniques to get their hands on this information, including phishing, viruses, potentially the extremely devious SIM swapping technique, and “other [vectors of] attack.” Once hackers managed to get their hands on the aforementioned bits of information, they were able to withdraw 7,000 BTC from Binance’s hot wallet.
this information; viruses;	Binance reports that the malicious group/entity used a serious of techniques to get their hands on this information, including phishing, viruses, potentially the extremely devious SIM swapping technique, and “other [vectors of] attack.” Once hackers managed to get their hands on the aforementioned bits of information, they were able to withdraw 7,000 BTC from Binance’s hot wallet.
Altcoins; Ethereum;	Altcoins, especially Ethereum and Binance Coin, have experienced losses too.
Altcoins; Binance;	Altcoins, especially Ethereum and Binance Coin, have experienced losses too.
techniques; phishing;	“The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks.
techniques; viruses;	“The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks.
techniques; phishing;	The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks.
techniques; viruses;	The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks.
attacks; phishing;	The hackers had used various techniques ("phishing, viruses and other attacks") to obtain "a large number of user API keys, 2FA codes, and potentially other info;" Binance is continuing its investigation.
attacks; viruses;	The hackers had used various techniques ("phishing, viruses and other attacks") to obtain "a large number of user API keys, 2FA codes, and potentially other info;" Binance is continuing its investigation.
The altcoins; Ethereum;	The altcoins, especially Ethereum, Binance Coin and Cardano, have been experiencing the dip as well.
The altcoins; Binance;	The altcoins, especially Ethereum, Binance Coin and Cardano, have been experiencing the dip as well.
techniques; phishing;	CZ reiterated the Binance blog post issued earlier today, which detailed how attackers managed to abscond with a large number of user API keys, and 2-factor verification codes using a variety of techniques, including phishing, the use of viruses, and “other attacks,” which the exchange is still trying to identify.
techniques; the use;	CZ reiterated the Binance blog post issued earlier today, which detailed how attackers managed to abscond with a large number of user API keys, and 2-factor verification codes using a variety of techniques, including phishing, the use of viruses, and “other attacks,” which the exchange is still trying to identify.
websites; Livecoinwatch;	On other metrics websites such as Livecoinwatch it didn’t go below $5,800 and on TradingView.com with its ‘Bitfinex premium’ BTC did not fall below $6,000.
industries; foreign exchange;	With that, the amount of fraudulent online offers in other industries such as foreign exchange (forex) and binary options have significantly decreased, the AMF noted.
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	 “After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.”
various parties; @;	 “After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.”
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	I woke up this morning with the desire to re-org Bitcoin.After speaking with various parties, including @SatoshiLite, @fluffypony, @Excellion, @realDonaldTrump and others, I decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.You're welcome.
techniques; phishing;	The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks.
techniques; viruses;	The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks.
exchanges; Coinbase;	Soon after the news of Binance’s security breach arrived, Coinbase and other exchanges have initiated the action to block deposits from the hackers address.
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
the hackers; the re-org approach;	Binance considered other methods of “revenging” the hackers, including the re-org approach.
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
vital information; the API;	The hackers accessed the API, private keys and other vital information of traders on Binance.
vital information; private keys;	The hackers accessed the API, private keys and other vital information of traders on Binance.
support; Justin;	The CEO also used the AMA to thank community members for their generous offers of support, including Justin Sun, Coinbase, QKC, and a number of reported others — Sun having notably offered to personally deposit the 7,000 BTC to compensate Binance’s loss.
—; Cryptopia;	Yesterday’s hack represented the highest-profile of a string of crypto exchange hacks so far in 2019 — including Cryptopia, CoinBene, DragonEx, and Bithumb.
—; CoinBene;	Yesterday’s hack represented the highest-profile of a string of crypto exchange hacks so far in 2019 — including Cryptopia, CoinBene, DragonEx, and Bithumb.
—; DragonEx;	Yesterday’s hack represented the highest-profile of a string of crypto exchange hacks so far in 2019 — including Cryptopia, CoinBene, DragonEx, and Bithumb.
techniques; phishing;	Binance announced it suffered a major security breach on May 7, where hackers reportedly used a variety of attacking techniques, including phishing and viruses, to steal 7,000 BTC (worth over $40 million) with just one transaction.
techniques; viruses;	Binance announced it suffered a major security breach on May 7, where hackers reportedly used a variety of attacking techniques, including phishing and viruses, to steal 7,000 BTC (worth over $40 million) with just one transaction.
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Bitcoin.com Markets, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Bitcoin.com Markets, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
this information; phishing;	Binance reports that the malicious group/entity used a serious of techniques to get their hands on this information, including phishing, viruses, potentially the extremely devious SIM swapping technique, and “other [vectors of] attack.”
this information; viruses;	Binance reports that the malicious group/entity used a serious of techniques to get their hands on this information, including phishing, viruses, potentially the extremely devious SIM swapping technique, and “other [vectors of] attack.”
popular digital assets; Bitcoin;	Responding to rumors that the exchange intends to launch margin trading for Bitcoin and other popular digital assets, the industry insider stated that Binance does, in fact, have plans to launch the aforementioned feature soon.
recapitalization; ];	Moreover, they will use the proceeds of the IEO “for working capital and general business purposes, including capital expenditures, operating expenses, repayment of [debts] and other recapitalization activities.”
thereof; loss;	The sale of LEO tokens is, as they are noting, aimed solely at persons who have sufficient knowledge and understanding of blockchain and cryptographic tokens and other digital assets, in order to be able to evaluate the risks and merits of a purchase of LEO tokens and are able to bear the risks thereof, including loss of all amounts paid and loss of LEO tokens purchased.
techniques; phishing;	According to Binance, attackers managed to abscond with a large number of user API keys, and 2-factor verification codes using a variety of techniques, including phishing, the use of viruses, and “other attacks,” which the exchange is still trying to identify.
techniques; the use;	According to Binance, attackers managed to abscond with a large number of user API keys, and 2-factor verification codes using a variety of techniques, including phishing, the use of viruses, and “other attacks,” which the exchange is still trying to identify.
various parties; @ JeremyRubin;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
various parties; @;	After speaking with various parties, including @JeremyRubin, @_prestwich, @bcmakes, @hasufl, @JihanWu and others, we decided NOT to pursue the re-org approach.
technologies; self-driving cars;	Uber is also betting big on technologies such as self-driving cars and food delivery which would allow it to keep scaling its business internationally.
technologies; food;	Uber is also betting big on technologies such as self-driving cars and food delivery which would allow it to keep scaling its business internationally.
various options; bank;	Currently, the platform supports conversion between 30 cryptocurrencies and 50 fiat currencies through various options, including bank transfers and credit/debit cards.
different cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Abra is making it easier for people in the US to convert fiat money into different cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin.
features; typos;	New banknote features, including typos
the market; dapps;	The publication covers a lot of subjects relating to cryptocurrencies and the market, including dapps, exchanges, decentralized exchanges, ICOs and wallets, and is well worth reading.
the market; exchanges;	The publication covers a lot of subjects relating to cryptocurrencies and the market, including dapps, exchanges, decentralized exchanges, ICOs and wallets, and is well worth reading.
third parties; Cambridge;	Their reasoning is that Zuckerberg and Facebook cannot be trusted after having shared user information with banks and other third parties such as Cambridge Analytica.
bitcoin; fee;	The Civic founder also commented on some current concerns he still has with bitcoin, including fee stability and inflation impacting the network, as well as if Satoshis bitcoin are ever moved, which would likely make BTC bearish once again.
useful tokens; Bitcoin;	We think prices have bottomed, and within the next 12-18 months we should be seeing new highs for Bitcoin and other useful tokens.'
technology; Mattereum;	William Shatner says he’s partnering with the legal tech firm Mattereum and other technology creators to build a blockchain authentication system for collectibles.
information; filling;	As a rule, about eight parties are involved in a real estate transaction — in addition to the buyer and the seller — each of whom must go through the process of exchanging information, including filling in a variety of documents, and using different platforms and databases.
transactions; the transfer;	“The distributed registry technology will be in demand in almost all real estate transactions, including the transfer of money, the registration of property rights and the conclusion of contracts.
functions; providers;	Even being partially integrated, blockchain will be able to assume such functions as the preparation of rental and sale contracts, the storage and analysis of the necessary data for real estate valuation, the monitoring of the performance of duties by service providers and other functions.
players; Bitfinex;	Further, players such as Bitfinex are spreading their market reach through various partnerships and addition of new coins for trading.
cases; the ability;	It could have a number of interesting use cases including the ability for BitTorrent users to speed up their downloads with a BTT-based bidding system.
devices; YubiKey;	“We will be adding hardware device support, such as YubiKey and other devices, very soon.
service; many exchanges;	Moreover, Binance engaged a lot of security and blockchain analytics firms to help the company track the stolen funds and collaborated with many exchanges and other service providers to freeze the stolen funds.
site; Bitcoin;	The seven other cryptocurrencies tracked on the OnChainFX site, including Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Monero (XMR), Dash (DASH), XRP, Dogecoin (DOGE), Lisk (LSK) and Ethereum Classic (ETC), earned miners less than $1,500, in total, in TX fees.
companies; ConsenSys;	Along with eBay, the event will be sponsored by such companies as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron, Microsoft, BitGo and others.
companies; Ledger;	Along with eBay, the event will be sponsored by such companies as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron, Microsoft, BitGo and others.
companies; Tron;	Along with eBay, the event will be sponsored by such companies as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron, Microsoft, BitGo and others.
companies; Microsoft;	Along with eBay, the event will be sponsored by such companies as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron, Microsoft, BitGo and others.
companies; BitGo;	Along with eBay, the event will be sponsored by such companies as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron, Microsoft, BitGo and others.
companies; others;	Along with eBay, the event will be sponsored by such companies as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron, Microsoft, BitGo and others.
e-commerce incumbents; eBay;	After independent developers pushed cryptocurrencies closer to giants such as Twitter and Whatsapp, Moon obviously built a bridge towards online retail giant Amazon and is targeting other e-commerce incumbents such as eBay and Ali Express.
e-commerce incumbents; Ali;	After independent developers pushed cryptocurrencies closer to giants such as Twitter and Whatsapp, Moon obviously built a bridge towards online retail giant Amazon and is targeting other e-commerce incumbents such as eBay and Ali Express.
currencies; Bitcoin;	Also, we shouldn’t forget the fact that eBay has been considering accepting Bitcoin and other currencies for quite a while.
major financials; Citi;	Corporate interest is well reflected in Consensus’ list of sponsors among which are crypto companies, major financials such as Citi bank and Fidelity and tech giants like Microsoft, IBM and Amazon Web Services.
companies; ConsenSys;	The event is also going to be sponsored by companies such as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron (TRX), Microsoft and many others.
companies; Ledger;	The event is also going to be sponsored by companies such as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron (TRX), Microsoft and many others.
companies; Tron;	The event is also going to be sponsored by companies such as ConsenSys, Ledger, Tron (TRX), Microsoft and many others.
major retailers; Whole;	On May 13, cryptocurrency enthusiasts were pleased to hear that major retailers including Whole Foods, Lowes, Petco, Regal Cinemas, and Gamestop will accept payments in crypto.
cryptocurrencies; BCH;	Users will be able to spend a variety of cryptocurrencies including BCH, BTC, GUSD, and ETH at a multitude of well-known establishments.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Users will be able to spend a variety of cryptocurrencies including BCH, BTC, GUSD, and ETH at a multitude of well-known establishments.
cryptocurrencies; GUSD;	Users will be able to spend a variety of cryptocurrencies including BCH, BTC, GUSD, and ETH at a multitude of well-known establishments.
series; ‘ HyperDragons;	With its proprietary game series including ‘HyperDragons’ and ‘HyperSnakes,’ MixMarvel is the world’s first large-scale strategy blockchain game publisher more than 6,000 DAU.
wholesome approach; the likes;	Announced on May 13, CoinGecko’s “Trust Score” will move from relying on exchange’s reported trading volume to a more wholesome approach including the likes of web traffic and order-book data.
top exchanges; Bitfinex;	Given that there was a considerable spread between Bitfinex and other top exchanges, the credibility of the suspected exchange has taken a beating.
clients; Alibaba;	It is the leading cloud communication provider in China with clients including Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent, Bank of China, Ping An Insurance Group, China Merchants Bank and more.
clients; Baidu;	It is the leading cloud communication provider in China with clients including Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent, Bank of China, Ping An Insurance Group, China Merchants Bank and more.
clients; Tencent;	It is the leading cloud communication provider in China with clients including Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent, Bank of China, Ping An Insurance Group, China Merchants Bank and more.
clients; Bank;	It is the leading cloud communication provider in China with clients including Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent, Bank of China, Ping An Insurance Group, China Merchants Bank and more.
classes; cryptocurrencies;	Products as ETNs are famous for allowing investors to gain exposure to asset classes, including cryptocurrencies, without actually purchasing them directly.
methods; a crowdfunding;	While others are content to use his or her creation without knowledge of its exact genesis, others have sought to uncover the facts via methods such as a crowdfunding campaign last year.
methods; Trusted;	The off-chain solution is reportedly designed to enable enterprises to choose the most appropriate trusted compute technology for their use case — supporting methods such as Trusted Execution Environments, Zero-Knowledge Proofs and Trusted Multi-Party-Compute.
members; Microsoft;	In a statement accompanying the solution’s release, EEA executive director Ron Resnick acknowledged in particular the input of EEA members such as Microsoft, Intel, Banco Santander and ConsenSys.
members; Intel;	In a statement accompanying the solution’s release, EEA executive director Ron Resnick acknowledged in particular the input of EEA members such as Microsoft, Intel, Banco Santander and ConsenSys.
members; Banco;	In a statement accompanying the solution’s release, EEA executive director Ron Resnick acknowledged in particular the input of EEA members such as Microsoft, Intel, Banco Santander and ConsenSys.
organizations; BCG;	As most of you probably know already, on 3 August 2018, Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), "a leading operator of global exchanges, clearing houses, data and listings services," announced that it was starting a new company called Bakkt that would be "working with a marquee group of organizations including BCG, Microsoft, Starbucks, and others, to create an integrated platform that enables consumers and institutions to buy, sell, store and spend digital assets on a seamless global network."
organizations; Microsoft;	As most of you probably know already, on 3 August 2018, Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), "a leading operator of global exchanges, clearing houses, data and listings services," announced that it was starting a new company called Bakkt that would be "working with a marquee group of organizations including BCG, Microsoft, Starbucks, and others, to create an integrated platform that enables consumers and institutions to buy, sell, store and spend digital assets on a seamless global network."
organizations; Starbucks;	As most of you probably know already, on 3 August 2018, Intercontinental Exchange (ICE), "a leading operator of global exchanges, clearing houses, data and listings services," announced that it was starting a new company called Bakkt that would be "working with a marquee group of organizations including BCG, Microsoft, Starbucks, and others, to create an integrated platform that enables consumers and institutions to buy, sell, store and spend digital assets on a seamless global network."
practices; wash;	"Price formation in these benchmark contracts will be supported by proven tools to detect abusive or disruptive trading practices, including wash trades.
US; the collection;	"The futures contracts will be margined by ICE Clear US, including the collection of initial margin collateral and variation margin to manage risk.
comprehensive compliance; an anti-money-laundering program;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics."
comprehensive compliance; blockchain;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics."
US; the collection;	“The futures contracts will be margined by ICE Clear US, including the collection of initial margin collateral and variation margin to manage risk.
disruptive trading; trades;	Proven tools would be used in detecting wash trades and other disruptive trading practices.
the crypto space; Adam;	It has also hired some important personalities in the crypto space including Adam White, the former Coinbase executive.
contracts; daily settlement;	As such, the ICE Futures U.S. filed with the CFTC through to get a regulatory approval for offering two major types of bitcoin futures contracts such as daily settlement bitcoin futures and monthly bitcoin futures.
comprehensive compliance; an anti-money-laundering program;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.”
comprehensive compliance; blockchain;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.”
practices; wash trading;	Moreover, the price formation for these contracts will be supported by “proven tools” which are supposedly geared to detect abusive and disruptive trading practices such as wash trading.
new products; a daily settlement;	It is worth mentioning that there will be new products such as a daily settlement Bitcoin future and a monthly futures contract.
altcoins; Ethereum;	Along with XRP, numerous other altcoins such as Ethereum [ETH] and Stellar Lumens [XLM], also rode the bullish wave as several coins maintained a steady trajectory towards value recovery.
practices; wash;	As per announcement Loeffler said that the price formation in benchmark contracts will be supported by proven tools to detect abusive or disruptive trading practices, including wash trades.
comprehensive compliance; an anti-money-laundering program;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.
comprehensive compliance; blockchain;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.
disruptive practices; wash trading;	Price formation will utilise tools to detect disruptive practices such as wash trading.
vehicles; ETFs;	Regulators do seem keen to drag their feet when it comes to approving crypto-based investment vehicles such as ETFs and futures contracts.
vehicles; futures;	Regulators do seem keen to drag their feet when it comes to approving crypto-based investment vehicles such as ETFs and futures contracts.
investment; BitTorrent;	Compared to ICOs, which were almost completely in the red across the board, some IEO coins have managed to garner positive returns on investment, including BitTorrent Token (BTT).
promising projects; PumaPay;	Meanwhile, some seemingly promising projects such as PumaPay and UnikoinGold are currently trading at -93% and -88% of their issuance (at time of ICO) price, BitMEX’s researchers noted.
promising projects; UnikoinGold;	Meanwhile, some seemingly promising projects such as PumaPay and UnikoinGold are currently trading at -93% and -88% of their issuance (at time of ICO) price, BitMEX’s researchers noted.
Binance; Fetch.AI;	Other IEOs also launched on Binance such as Fetch.AI and Celer are not doing as well, as their “return vs first exchange trade price” stands at -55% and -29.4%, respectively.
Binance; Celer;	Other IEOs also launched on Binance such as Fetch.AI and Celer are not doing as well, as their “return vs first exchange trade price” stands at -55% and -29.4%, respectively.
major exchanges; Binance;	Commenting on the relatively large number of IEOs launched in recent months, BitMEX’s research team acknowledged that the new type of crowdfunding model has been “somewhat successful.” The researchers confirmed that “smaller exchange platforms” have tried to introduce IEO models which are similar to those used by major exchanges including Binance, Huobi, Bittrex, and OKEx.
major exchanges; Huobi;	Commenting on the relatively large number of IEOs launched in recent months, BitMEX’s research team acknowledged that the new type of crowdfunding model has been “somewhat successful.” The researchers confirmed that “smaller exchange platforms” have tried to introduce IEO models which are similar to those used by major exchanges including Binance, Huobi, Bittrex, and OKEx.
major exchanges; Bittrex;	Commenting on the relatively large number of IEOs launched in recent months, BitMEX’s research team acknowledged that the new type of crowdfunding model has been “somewhat successful.” The researchers confirmed that “smaller exchange platforms” have tried to introduce IEO models which are similar to those used by major exchanges including Binance, Huobi, Bittrex, and OKEx.
public chains; Bitcoin;	Rhodes also mentioned that Microsoft’s software is compatible with public chains including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
public chains; Ethereum;	Rhodes also mentioned that Microsoft’s software is compatible with public chains including Bitcoin and Ethereum.
personal information; profile images;	One of the main benefits of using DID, or a decentralized identity and data management system, would be that giant social networks such as Facebook or Twitter would not have complete control over users’ profile images and other personal information.
companies; Airbnb;	The project will look to enhance decentralized identity, securing information within systems utilized by companies such as Airbnb and Uber, allowing intercommunication between networks, identity validation, and proof of data ownership, without compromises to privacy - all upon the worlds oldest blockchain.
companies; Uber;	The project will look to enhance decentralized identity, securing information within systems utilized by companies such as Airbnb and Uber, allowing intercommunication between networks, identity validation, and proof of data ownership, without compromises to privacy - all upon the worlds oldest blockchain.
public networks; Bitcoin;	Rhoades conveys that while the software relies on public networks such as Bitcoin or Ethereum, it can handle a higher throughput than the blockchains themselves are restricted to.
public networks; Ethereum;	Rhoades conveys that while the software relies on public networks such as Bitcoin or Ethereum, it can handle a higher throughput than the blockchains themselves are restricted to.
digital identifiers; email;	Daniel Buchner, a program manager for the Microsoft Identity team, said the goal of decentralized networks is to remove the control that apps, services and organizations have over digital identifiers such as email addresses and usernames.
products; the publicly-quoted Bitcoin;	During Q4 2018, hedge funds invested less than $1 million in Grayscale products, including the publicly-quoted Bitcoin Investment Trust (GBTC).
big retailers; Foods;	Crypto payments coming to Whole Foods, Starbucks and other big retailers
big retailers; Starbucks;	Crypto payments coming to Whole Foods, Starbucks and other big retailers
major players; Bakkt;	Today marks a fairly momentous day for Bitcoin, so far we’ve had extremely bullish news from major players such as Bakkt, Starbucks, eBay and Microsoft, all on a Monday; best of all?
major players; Starbucks;	Today marks a fairly momentous day for Bitcoin, so far we’ve had extremely bullish news from major players such as Bakkt, Starbucks, eBay and Microsoft, all on a Monday; best of all?
major players; eBay;	Today marks a fairly momentous day for Bitcoin, so far we’ve had extremely bullish news from major players such as Bakkt, Starbucks, eBay and Microsoft, all on a Monday; best of all?
major players; Microsoft;	Today marks a fairly momentous day for Bitcoin, so far we’ve had extremely bullish news from major players such as Bakkt, Starbucks, eBay and Microsoft, all on a Monday; best of all?
comprehensive compliance; an anti-money-laundering program;	“Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics,” adds the post
comprehensive compliance; blockchain;	“Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics,” adds the post
stores; rate;	The partnership will allow customers to spend cryptoccurencies such as Bitcoin, Bitcoin cash, Ethereum and Gemini’s stablecoin the Gemini Dollar within selected stores including rate and Barrel, Nordstrom, and Amazon-owned Whole Foods, with Regal Cinemas, Gamestop and Baskin Robbins and Starbucks:
stores; Barrel;	The partnership will allow customers to spend cryptoccurencies such as Bitcoin, Bitcoin cash, Ethereum and Gemini’s stablecoin the Gemini Dollar within selected stores including rate and Barrel, Nordstrom, and Amazon-owned Whole Foods, with Regal Cinemas, Gamestop and Baskin Robbins and Starbucks:
companies; Airbnb;	The venture, known as Ion, looks to secure information within systems utilized by companies such as Airbnb and Uber, allowing intercommunication between networks, identity validation, and proof of data ownership, without compromises to privacy.
companies; Uber;	The venture, known as Ion, looks to secure information within systems utilized by companies such as Airbnb and Uber, allowing intercommunication between networks, identity validation, and proof of data ownership, without compromises to privacy.
digital asset; Bitcoin;	As we reported, the exchange was working closely with the institution to secure Bitcoin and other digital asset private keys, specifically through a system of geographic distribution.
digital asset; Bitcoin;	As we reported, the exchange was working closely with the institution to secure Bitcoin and other digital asset private keys, specifically through a system of geographic distribution.
comprehensive compliance; an anti-money-laundering program;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.
comprehensive compliance; blockchain;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.
altcoins; Bitcoin;	Regardless of the real reasons the coin is doing well, it is good news for the market as it will not only prove naysayers wrong but also push adoption for Bitcoin and other altcoins as well.
retail outlets; Amazon;	At the same time, in a collaboration with payments system Flexa, retail outlets, including Amazon subsidiary Whole Foods and Starbucks, will accept crypto payments – though merchants will receive a fiat conversion after the whole process.
big players; Bakkt;	ICE’s Bakkt, Nasdaq, and other big players are already queuing up to get their cryptocurrency products and services to the market soon.
big players; Nasdaq;	ICE’s Bakkt, Nasdaq, and other big players are already queuing up to get their cryptocurrency products and services to the market soon.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Some of the big retail giants like the Amazon-owned Whole Foods Market, Nordstrom, Basking Robbins, Barnes & Noble, Regal Cinemas, etc have announced to start accepting Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as payments against their products and services.
exchanges; Binance;	Nevertheless, it’s a widely known fact that such exchanges as Binance, OKEx, Bittrex and KuCoin are included in this group of the exchanges that have facilitated IEOs.
exchanges; OKEx;	Nevertheless, it’s a widely known fact that such exchanges as Binance, OKEx, Bittrex and KuCoin are included in this group of the exchanges that have facilitated IEOs.
exchanges; Bittrex;	Nevertheless, it’s a widely known fact that such exchanges as Binance, OKEx, Bittrex and KuCoin are included in this group of the exchanges that have facilitated IEOs.
exchanges; KuCoin;	Nevertheless, it’s a widely known fact that such exchanges as Binance, OKEx, Bittrex and KuCoin are included in this group of the exchanges that have facilitated IEOs.
company; holdings;	As detailed in court papers, submitted on Monday (May 13th, 2019), the legal representatives of both parties have not been able to decide what Tether’s management should be allowed to do with its cash holdings and other company assets.
key words; 'Altcoins;	Other key words such as 'Altcoins' also show an increase in interest, climbing up to 82 from 31 just over a month ago.
digital securities; Blockchain;	The development of the Securitize platform has benefitted from the feedback of its customers issuing and managing over $135M worth of digital securities, including Blockchain Capital, Aspencoin, SPiCE VC, Science Blockchain, Protos, Lottery.com, Cityblock Capital, Augmate, and 22x Fund.
cryptos; the obvious suspects;	The app supports a number of cryptos including the obvious suspects, Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	The app supports a number of cryptos including the obvious suspects, Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptos; Ethereum;	The app supports a number of cryptos including the obvious suspects, Bitcoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Users only need to download an app dubbed Spedn and can make everyday purchases using cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, ether, Bitcoin Cash, and Gemini Dollar (GUSD).
digital payments; Apple;	The technology builds on existing payments infrastructure that’s used to accept digital payments such as Apple Pay, for instance.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	It means that if Whole Foods can accept bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, theoretically Amazon’s entire marketplace can integrate the infrastructure to do the same, seemingly with Flexa.
merchants; Crate;	In addition to Whole Foods, the initiative extends to other merchants including Crate and Barrel and high-end retailer Nordstrom.
merchants; Barrel;	In addition to Whole Foods, the initiative extends to other merchants including Crate and Barrel and high-end retailer Nordstrom.
micro-purchases; a cup;	The Flexi network is comprised of more than 30,000 stores and finally thrusting crypto into the spotlight for micro-purchases such as a cup of coffee, pizza, or electronics.
cryptos; the obvious ones;	The app supports a number of cryptos including the obvious ones like, Bitcoin and Ethereum.
digital payments; Apple;	The app is based on existing payments infrastructure used to accept digital payments such as Apple Pay.
States; Crate;	SPEDN has already partnered with 15 of the biggest retailers in the United States, including Crate and Barrel, Nordstrom, Petco, Regal Cinemas, Gamestop, Baskin Robbins, Lowe’s, and more.
States; Barrel;	SPEDN has already partnered with 15 of the biggest retailers in the United States, including Crate and Barrel, Nordstrom, Petco, Regal Cinemas, Gamestop, Baskin Robbins, Lowe’s, and more.
big name; Amazon;	Whole Foods, a company owned by Amazon, and other big name retailers will now accept payment for goods in cryptocurrencies.
some big retailers; Whole Foods;	The partnership between Gemini and Flexa will allow some big retailers such as Whole Foods, Nordstrom, Crate and Barrel to accept cryptocurrencies as payment for goods.
some big retailers; Nordstrom;	The partnership between Gemini and Flexa will allow some big retailers such as Whole Foods, Nordstrom, Crate and Barrel to accept cryptocurrencies as payment for goods.
some big retailers; Crate;	The partnership between Gemini and Flexa will allow some big retailers such as Whole Foods, Nordstrom, Crate and Barrel to accept cryptocurrencies as payment for goods.
some big retailers; Barrel;	The partnership between Gemini and Flexa will allow some big retailers such as Whole Foods, Nordstrom, Crate and Barrel to accept cryptocurrencies as payment for goods.
others; Gamestop;	Flexa, on its part, convinced the retailers listed above and others such as Gamestop, Regal Cinemas, and Baskin Robbins to design their scanning devices to recognize payments made from Spedn, its cryptocurrency app.
others; Regal;	Flexa, on its part, convinced the retailers listed above and others such as Gamestop, Regal Cinemas, and Baskin Robbins to design their scanning devices to recognize payments made from Spedn, its cryptocurrency app.
everyday items; groceries;	A new “one-tap” app will allow people to use Bitcoin and crypto to pay for everyday items such as groceries, clothing and furniture.
everyday items; clothing;	A new “one-tap” app will allow people to use Bitcoin and crypto to pay for everyday items such as groceries, clothing and furniture.
everyday items; furniture;	A new “one-tap” app will allow people to use Bitcoin and crypto to pay for everyday items such as groceries, clothing and furniture.
Major retailers; Whole;	Major retailers including Whole Foods, Nordstrom and Crate and Barrel will allow the payment option at 30,476 stores.
cryptos; the BTC;	The ETH is rising for the second day in a row, trading around $208.62 on May 14, following the BTC and other cryptos.
comprehensive compliance; an anti-money-laundering program;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.
comprehensive compliance; blockchain;	Safekeeping will be supported by insurance, cybersecurity, and comprehensive compliance, including an anti-money-laundering program and blockchain analytics.
intermediaries; exchanges;	Swaps involve a selection of Ethereum (ETH)-based ERC-20 tokens, including basic attention token (BAT), kyber network (KNC) and dai (DAI), and removes the need to send tokens to intermediaries such as exchanges.
major ERC-20 tokens; KNC;	According to the announcement, EXODUS 1 users can now swap between 60+ major ERC-20 tokens including KNC, BAT, and DAI, directly from the Zion Vault.
major ERC-20 tokens; BAT;	According to the announcement, EXODUS 1 users can now swap between 60+ major ERC-20 tokens including KNC, BAT, and DAI, directly from the Zion Vault.
projects; a recent partnership;	Kyber NetworkAs we previously reported, HTC has been focusing on partnering with major blockchain projects, including a recent partnership with Decentraland (MANA), the first virtual reality platform owned by its users.
sophisticated features; the ability;	HTC’s new blockchain phone is going to be made accessible for entry-level users while offering sophisticated features such as the ability to run a Bitcoin (BTC) network full node.
features; ERC-20;	The South Korean electronics giant, Samsung announced plans for their own blockchain-enabled smartphone that will include its own crypto wallet and crypto features such as ERC-20 swaps using the Kyber Network.
financial industry; Street;	Ripple's token was already available for trading for other users, but with New Yorkers now also able to buy XRP on Coinbase, Wall Street and other financial industry players based in New York have an easy way to start investing.
market; the XRP;	The sentiment, as it appears, rippled across the rest of the cryptocurrency market, including the XRP.
brands; Amazon;	Bidali plans to incorporate XRP in its payment system so people can purchase gift cards using the crypto across 150 brands, including Amazon, eBay, Uber, Apple, and Google Play.
brands; eBay;	Bidali plans to incorporate XRP in its payment system so people can purchase gift cards using the crypto across 150 brands, including Amazon, eBay, Uber, Apple, and Google Play.
brands; Uber;	Bidali plans to incorporate XRP in its payment system so people can purchase gift cards using the crypto across 150 brands, including Amazon, eBay, Uber, Apple, and Google Play.
brands; Apple;	Bidali plans to incorporate XRP in its payment system so people can purchase gift cards using the crypto across 150 brands, including Amazon, eBay, Uber, Apple, and Google Play.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	The move will allow German investors to get easy exposure to XRP and other cryptocurrencies.
digital assets; Decentraland;	It has also added support to several ERC-20 digital assets such as Decentraland (MANA), Loom Network (LOOM) or Basic Attention Token (BAT).
countries; Brazil;	Along with the USDC announcement, Coinbase also announced a major global expansion, adding 50 more jurisdictions to its coverage, including such countries as Brazil, South Africa and Taiwan, among others.
countries; South;	Along with the USDC announcement, Coinbase also announced a major global expansion, adding 50 more jurisdictions to its coverage, including such countries as Brazil, South Africa and Taiwan, among others.
countries; Peru;	A few months ago, the company made its crypto-to-crypto trading available in 11 more countries, including Peru, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, and New Zealand.
countries; Argentina;	A few months ago, the company made its crypto-to-crypto trading available in 11 more countries, including Peru, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, and New Zealand.
countries; Mexico;	A few months ago, the company made its crypto-to-crypto trading available in 11 more countries, including Peru, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, and New Zealand.
countries; Colombia;	A few months ago, the company made its crypto-to-crypto trading available in 11 more countries, including Peru, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, and New Zealand.
countries; Chile;	A few months ago, the company made its crypto-to-crypto trading available in 11 more countries, including Peru, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, and New Zealand.
countries; India;	A few months ago, the company made its crypto-to-crypto trading available in 11 more countries, including Peru, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, and New Zealand.
countries; Hong;	A few months ago, the company made its crypto-to-crypto trading available in 11 more countries, including Peru, Argentina, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, India, Hong Kong, South Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, and New Zealand.
big news; countless controversies;	The cryptoverse is riddled with countless controversies, hacks, and other big news stories.
big news; hacks;	The cryptoverse is riddled with countless controversies, hacks, and other big news stories.
cryptocurrency; rules;	Expressing her dissatisfaction with the current law, she asserted that the SEC should do more to provide a regulatory framework for cryptocurrency including rules around safe harbor.
innovation; cryptocurrency;	She has also emphasized that excessive regulation could hurt innovation such as cryptocurrency.
innovations; cryptocurrencies;	Szczepanik coordinates efforts across all SEC divisions and offices regarding the application of U.S. securities laws to emerging digital asset technologies and innovations, including cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings.
innovations; initial coin;	Szczepanik coordinates efforts across all SEC divisions and offices regarding the application of U.S. securities laws to emerging digital asset technologies and innovations, including cryptocurrencies and initial coin offerings.
“ digital assets; cryptocurrencies;	In his speech at the SEC Sparks conference on April 8, Chairman Jay Clayton said one of the areas the commission has focused its attention on due to heightened risks is “digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, coins, and tokens.” At the Consensus Invest conference in November last year, he revealed the key upgrades he needed to see before the SEC could consider approving its first bitcoin ETF such as better market surveillance and safe custody of crypto assets.
“ digital assets; coins;	In his speech at the SEC Sparks conference on April 8, Chairman Jay Clayton said one of the areas the commission has focused its attention on due to heightened risks is “digital assets, including cryptocurrencies, coins, and tokens.” At the Consensus Invest conference in November last year, he revealed the key upgrades he needed to see before the SEC could consider approving its first bitcoin ETF such as better market surveillance and safe custody of crypto assets.
stakeholders; customers;	The announcement on the websites front page states that "Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was, in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders."
stakeholders; staff;	The announcement on the websites front page states that "Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was, in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders."
projects; Bismuth;	Crypto projects such as Bismuth which had relied on Cryptopia as an exchange to trade the token, also reached out to their community regarding the liquidation.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders", says David Ruscoe.
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders", says David Ruscoe.
exchanges; Kraken;	Kraken CEO Jesse Powell commented on CZ's tweet, telling users to remove their tokens from exchanges, including Kraken.
stakeholders; customers;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; staff;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; customers;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was, in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; staff;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was, in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; customers;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; staff;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders”
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders”
stakeholders; customers;	“Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders,” the press release reads.
stakeholders; staff;	“Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders,” the press release reads.
several different stakeholders; management;	“We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders,” David Ruscoe, one of the Grant Thornton executives commented.
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	“We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders,” David Ruscoe, one of the Grant Thornton executives commented.
account-related functions; Deposits;	Deposits, withdrawals and other account-related functions will be made available after the upgrade is complete.
account-related functions; withdrawals;	Deposits, withdrawals and other account-related functions will be made available after the upgrade is complete.
stakeholders; customers;	The decision has been deemed to be in “the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders,” the announcement states.
stakeholders; staff;	The decision has been deemed to be in “the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders,” the announcement states.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
exchanges; Etherdelta;	An analysis from blockchain infrastructure firm Elementus estimated in February that as much as $16 million worth of ethereum (ETH) and ERC-20 tokens were siphoned from the platform during the attack — $3.2 million of which were later traced in liquidations on exchanges such as Etherdelta, Binance and Bitbox.
exchanges; Binance;	An analysis from blockchain infrastructure firm Elementus estimated in February that as much as $16 million worth of ethereum (ETH) and ERC-20 tokens were siphoned from the platform during the attack — $3.2 million of which were later traced in liquidations on exchanges such as Etherdelta, Binance and Bitbox.
exchanges; Bitbox;	An analysis from blockchain infrastructure firm Elementus estimated in February that as much as $16 million worth of ethereum (ETH) and ERC-20 tokens were siphoned from the platform during the attack — $3.2 million of which were later traced in liquidations on exchanges such as Etherdelta, Binance and Bitbox.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders,”
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders,”
stakeholders; customers;	The exchange says that the liquidation process is in the best interest of “customers, staff, and other stakeholders” despite efforts by the management to minimize costs and set the firm on a path to profitability.
stakeholders; staff;	The exchange says that the liquidation process is in the best interest of “customers, staff, and other stakeholders” despite efforts by the management to minimize costs and set the firm on a path to profitability.
exchanges; Binance;	Cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance and KuCoin said they would freeze any funds suspected to be proceeds from the hack.
exchanges; KuCoin;	Cryptocurrency exchanges such as Binance and KuCoin said they would freeze any funds suspected to be proceeds from the hack.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
mainstream cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	It also took nearly three months for deposits and withdrawals of even mainstream cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin to be enabled.
techniques; phishing;	The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks…
techniques; viruses;	The hackers used a variety of techniques, including phishing, viruses and other attacks…
stakeholders; customers;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; staff;	Despite the efforts of management to reduce cost and return the business to profitability, it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
stakeholders; customers;	Per the announcement, Cryptopia states this decision is in the best interest of Cryptopia customers, staff, and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; staff;	Per the announcement, Cryptopia states this decision is in the best interest of Cryptopia customers, staff, and other stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
hyperinflation; Venezuela;	Commenting on the different use cases for cryptocurrencies (so far), Voorhees pointed out that decentralized digital assets are increasingly being used in countries impacted by severe political and economic uncertainty and hyperinflation such as Venezuela.
an asset; Bitcoin;	 Voorhees explained that bubbles are part of the typical behavior of an asset such as Bitcoin which is growing and settling in the industry.
investors; Tim;	An opinion that has been shared by other investors such as Tim Draper and Mike Novogratz
tools; cases;	The product includes a blockchain interface layer, cryptographic wallet, encrypted messaging system, application programming interface-like use cases and other tools.
new members; Alibaba;	That same month, Hyperledger onboarded 12 new members, including Alibaba Cloud, a subsidiary of the eponymous e-commerce giant; financial services firm Citigroup, Deutsche Telekom, one of the largest telecoms providers in Europe; and European blockchain trading platform we.trade, among others.
areas; tech support;	Da added that the NeoEcoBoost goes beyond funding as it touches other areas such as tech support, community synergy, and promotion.
areas; community;	Da added that the NeoEcoBoost goes beyond funding as it touches other areas such as tech support, community synergy, and promotion.
new functionalities; NeoID;	Da Hongfei stated that the changes from NEO3.0 will include the optimization of consensus, architectural improvement, native support for layer2, and new functionalities such as NeoID&lastly, Oracle, NeoFS, and security improvements.
data; traffic;	They have stated that they will reward “helpful car owners” with crypto if they share data such as traffic congestion, fuel consumption and pothole locations.
significant updates; summit;	But with Shelley, the Cardano summit and other significant updates around the corner the altcoin could be preparing to go to the moon.
cryptos; BTC;	Ebay was claiming that virtual currencies were "happening" on eBay, leading many to conclude that the online marketplace would soon be adopting BTC and other cryptos as a payment method, or at least partnering with a crypto payments company.
a large event; Consensus;	Of course, a large event such as Consensus is a good occasion for any company to promote its services, but the sale of mining equipment on eBay from third-party providers is a pretty tenuous link to crypto.
digital currencies; Bitcoin;	At the same time, there was a tweet a few weeks ago related to TD Ameritrade testing digital currencies such as Bitcoin (BTC) and Litecoin (LTC).
digital currencies; the Intercontinental;	There are other companies that are starting to work with digital currencies, including the Intercontinental Exchange (ICE).
digital asset; Bitcoin;	Other reports indicated that the firm only had issued those ads because you could sell Bitcoin and other digital asset miners (ASICs) on the platform.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	As we have reported on the past few days, the news cycle has been absolutely bullish for Bitcoin and other digital assets.
digital asset; Bitcoin;	As we reported, the exchange was working closely with the institution to secure Bitcoin and other digital asset private keys, specifically through a system of geographic distribution.
several non-financial organizations; Nike;	While the cryptospace has witnessed the recent involvement of several non-financial organizations such as Nike and Jaguar, some industry leaders and government officials have openly discounted cryptos’ utility.
several non-financial organizations; Jaguar;	While the cryptospace has witnessed the recent involvement of several non-financial organizations such as Nike and Jaguar, some industry leaders and government officials have openly discounted cryptos’ utility.
TRON; TRX;	We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON tokens.
TRC-standard; TRX;	Opera, a web browser for Microsoft Window has announced its plan to add Tron’s TRX and other TRC-standard tokens to its web browser.
TRON; TRX;	“We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON (TRX) tokens,” said Justin Sun CEO of TRON.”Soon, Opera users will be able to use dApps on the TRON blockchain.”
TRC-standard; TRX;	Opera, the first browser with Web 3 capabilities, announced its intention to support TRON’s TRX and other TRC-standard tokens within its browser.
TRON; TRX;	“We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON tokens.
TRON; TRX;	“We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON tokens … Soon, Opera users will be able to use dApps on the TRON blockchain.”
TRON; TRX;	We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON tokens.
TRON; TRX;	“We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON tokens.
technologies; blockchain;	Developers seek to accomplish this by harnessing emerging and promising technologies, including blockchain, artificial intelligence, and IoT functionality.
technologies; artificial intelligence;	Developers seek to accomplish this by harnessing emerging and promising technologies, including blockchain, artificial intelligence, and IoT functionality.
leaders; TRON;	By including early and enthusiastic support of blockchain technology from industry leaders such as TRON, Opera is leading the way toward Web 3.0.
leaders; Opera;	By including early and enthusiastic support of blockchain technology from industry leaders such as TRON, Opera is leading the way toward Web 3.0.
TRON; TRX;	“We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON tokens….Soon, Opera users will be able to use dApps on the Tron blockchain.”
tokens; BTT;	Furthermore, the native wallet within the Opera browser will also support all TRC standard tokens such as BTT (BitTorrent Token).
TRC-standard; TRX;	According to the announcement, Opera will soon support TRX and other TRC-standard tokens within its browser wallet.
TRON; TRX;	“We are excited that Opera, a mainstream browser with hundreds of millions of users, will now seamlessly support TRX and other TRON tokens,” added TRON CEO Justin Sun.
long-term goals; environmental improvements;	“Belfast Coin will be introduced later this year and it’s our hope that it will initially give an economic boost to local businesses, as well as helping the council achieve other long-term goals, including environmental improvements.
civic duties; work;	Residents in the city will earn points by patronizing local stores, volunteer work, and other civic duties.
new features; futures;	As a result, it is expected that a number of new features including futures trading and lending will become available.
fiat currencies; the United;	According to the announcement, Huobi OTC Desk supports major cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin (BTC) and ether (ETH), as well as fiat currencies including the United States dollar (USD), euro (EUR), and British pound sterling (GBP).
different cryptos; Bitcoin;	Users of the OTC Desk will be able to trade a number of different cryptos, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), and many other tokens.
fiat; USD;	It will also offer fiat-crypto pairs, with USD, EUR, GBP and other fiat currencies available.
fiat; EUR;	It will also offer fiat-crypto pairs, with USD, EUR, GBP and other fiat currencies available.
fiat; GBP;	It will also offer fiat-crypto pairs, with USD, EUR, GBP and other fiat currencies available.
fiat currencies; the euro;	The new stablecoin additions can be traded for U.S. dollars starting May 17, and the exchange is aiming to roll out trading pairs between the stablecoins and other fiat currencies such as the euro in the near future.
features; deposits;	Now, Binance is preparing to open up full its previous suite of trading features, including deposits and withdrawals, for all users.
features; withdrawals;	Now, Binance is preparing to open up full its previous suite of trading features, including deposits and withdrawals, for all users.
cryptocurrencies; Cardano;	Staking represents a dividend of sorts for Proof of Stake cryptocurrencies such as Cardano.
services; “ staking;	Armstrong mentioned that institutional investors are also looking for cryptocurrency services such as “staking and voting, [and] doing governance on-chain.” Expressing views that are similar to many other blockchain industry participants, Armstrong believes proof-of-stake (PoS)-based cryptocurrencies will be widely used as their adoption rate is “growing rapidly.”
services; voting;	Armstrong mentioned that institutional investors are also looking for cryptocurrency services such as “staking and voting, [and] doing governance on-chain.” Expressing views that are similar to many other blockchain industry participants, Armstrong believes proof-of-stake (PoS)-based cryptocurrencies will be widely used as their adoption rate is “growing rapidly.”
projects; the World;	Ripple is certainly a project that is hard to ignore, with projects such as the World Bank and the IMF involved.
cases; the recent account;	Weiss’ attack comes in the wake of many organizations pointing out Facebook’s tumultuous history with user privacy, citing cases such as the recent account leak and the scandal associated with Cambridge Analytica.
levels; a 12-month-old descending;	However, the recent price surge has now allowed the Stellar’s price to surge above some crucial resistance levels, including a 12-month-old descending trend line and the 100-day moving average level.
currencies; Dollar;	Dollar and other currencies devaluation to take Bitcoin to 10k, 20k and 30k.
coins; Bitcoin;	However, analysts in the crypto space have accented that it would be a big blessing for Bitcoin and other coins especially amid the proposed ban by the US congress man.
the space; op-ed writers;	Many in the space, including op-ed writers at CCN, are opposed to Yang’s flagship universal basic income proposal.
certain regions; Croatia;	Further, the token sale would not be open for users in certain regions, including Croatia, citing legislative limitations.
specs; token sale;	Binance Research In anticipation of the upcoming exchange offering, Binance Research has published a full breakdown on Harmony’s specs, including token sale details and economics.
B2B; ratings;	The project is also “applying zero-knowledge proofs for data sharing,” with potential applications in ad exchanges, credit ratings and other B2B settings.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	According to him, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin fulfill this need.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	“There’s definitely a desire among people around the world to be able to transfer money easily and confidentially… and that is really the backing to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies of that type,” he told the network.
currencies; bitcoin;	I believe bitcoin and other currencies of that type are going to be alive and well.”
partners; investors;	It speaks to the innovation and commitment of all our partners, including investors, that we were able to achieve this together.”
official organizations; Santander;	Other official organizations such as Santander, Societe Generale and Abu Dhabi-headquartered Al Hilal Bank are also actively implementing blockchain for issuing tech-based bonds.
official organizations; Societe;	Other official organizations such as Santander, Societe Generale and Abu Dhabi-headquartered Al Hilal Bank are also actively implementing blockchain for issuing tech-based bonds.
crypto-related assets; registry;	This draft had excluded Cryptocurrency, Initial Coin Offering, credit registry, and other crypto-related assets and there had been rumors of the government of India banning crypto.
related crypto-assets; cryptocurrency;	According to reports, various technology industry lobby groups and Fintech startups have asked the RBI to consider/include cryptocurrency and other related crypto-assets in the regulatory sandbox framework.
platforms; Ethereum;	Blockstream Chief Security Officer Samson Mow claims that while businesses are willing to issue tokenized securities, platforms such as Ethereum are not the right choice because of their scalability, privacy and reliability limitations.
financial institutions; makers;	The announcement explains that the Liquid Network is a settlement network connecting cryptocurrency exchanges, market makers, brokers, and other financial institutions.
financial institutions; brokers;	The announcement explains that the Liquid Network is a settlement network connecting cryptocurrency exchanges, market makers, brokers, and other financial institutions.
advantages; increased speed;	Nevertheless, Blockstream claims that its sidechain has such advantages as increased speed and improved privacy in comparison to the original blockchain.
companies; BnkToTheFuture;	Though the platform has just been announced, a number of companies including BnkToTheFuture, TokenSoft, Zenus Bank, and Pixelmatic have already been included in the group of its partners.
companies; TokenSoft;	Though the platform has just been announced, a number of companies including BnkToTheFuture, TokenSoft, Zenus Bank, and Pixelmatic have already been included in the group of its partners.
companies; Zenus;	Though the platform has just been announced, a number of companies including BnkToTheFuture, TokenSoft, Zenus Bank, and Pixelmatic have already been included in the group of its partners.
the rules; regional restrictions;	To issue and monitor your token, you are not required to code up the rules manually as the app will offer you multiple options to set up the rules, including regional restrictions and requirements to investor accreditation.
the rules; requirements;	To issue and monitor your token, you are not required to code up the rules manually as the app will offer you multiple options to set up the rules, including regional restrictions and requirements to investor accreditation.
schemes; art auctions;	As Bitcoinist reported, integrations have included schemes such as art auctions and e-commerce.
schemes; e-commerce;	As Bitcoinist reported, integrations have included schemes such as art auctions and e-commerce.
blockchains; Bitcoin;	Well, that’s because Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other blockchains use a very similar system.
blockchains; Ethereum;	Well, that’s because Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other blockchains use a very similar system.
tokens; DCR;	Rumors of an SEC crackdown are flying after Poloniex said it will delist nine crypto tokens including DCR for trading to U.S. customers.
tokens; securities;	According to the announcement, the move due to uncertainties over whether U.S. regulators would qualify such tokens as securities.
people; Matt;	Such a situation might lead to the fulfillment of the altcoin extinction event as predicted by people such as Matt Hougan of Bitwise and Barry Silbert of Digital Currency Group.
simple classifications; security;	The CEO further asserted that simple classifications such as security, commodity or currency, did not apply to digital assets, which are a new class of  “financial instruments.” He stated,
simple classifications; commodity;	The CEO further asserted that simple classifications such as security, commodity or currency, did not apply to digital assets, which are a new class of  “financial instruments.” He stated,
simple classifications; currency;	The CEO further asserted that simple classifications such as security, commodity or currency, did not apply to digital assets, which are a new class of  “financial instruments.” He stated,
the space; Poloniex;	However, the SEC’s wobbling over how to regulate the space has left many in the space, including Poloniex, in limbo.
prominent cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Given the cyclic nature of cryptocurrency and the extreme volatility the markets have exhibited thus far, Coinbase could find more steady ground by becoming a premier custodial provider for Bitcoin and other prominent cryptocurrencies,
companies; peer-to-peer trading;	The San Francisco-based firm has acquired a total of 14 companies, including peer-to-peer trading platform Paradex and crypto micro-tasks platform Earn.
major players; ErisX;	As the cryptosphere matures with a growing number of new solutions and services from major players, including ErisX, Fidelity, Etrade, Square and TD Ameritrade, Coinbase and all of its competitors will increasingly need to focus on security and rock solid trustworthiness in order to bring in big investors.
major players; Fidelity;	As the cryptosphere matures with a growing number of new solutions and services from major players, including ErisX, Fidelity, Etrade, Square and TD Ameritrade, Coinbase and all of its competitors will increasingly need to focus on security and rock solid trustworthiness in order to bring in big investors.
major players; Etrade;	As the cryptosphere matures with a growing number of new solutions and services from major players, including ErisX, Fidelity, Etrade, Square and TD Ameritrade, Coinbase and all of its competitors will increasingly need to focus on security and rock solid trustworthiness in order to bring in big investors.
major players; Square;	As the cryptosphere matures with a growing number of new solutions and services from major players, including ErisX, Fidelity, Etrade, Square and TD Ameritrade, Coinbase and all of its competitors will increasingly need to focus on security and rock solid trustworthiness in order to bring in big investors.
major players; TD;	As the cryptosphere matures with a growing number of new solutions and services from major players, including ErisX, Fidelity, Etrade, Square and TD Ameritrade, Coinbase and all of its competitors will increasingly need to focus on security and rock solid trustworthiness in order to bring in big investors.
economy; the devaluation;	According to Draper, crypto and blockchain adoption in the country can disrupt major problems in Argentina's economy, including the devaluation of the Argentine peso and the associated brain drain.
major exchanges; Coinbase;	Just a few hours ago Bitcoin and the wider cryptocurrency market received a sudden shock as Bitcoin plummeted from around $7800 to $7200 within 20 minutes across major exchanges including Coinbase, Bitfinex, Gemini and Bittrex.
major exchanges; Bitfinex;	Just a few hours ago Bitcoin and the wider cryptocurrency market received a sudden shock as Bitcoin plummeted from around $7800 to $7200 within 20 minutes across major exchanges including Coinbase, Bitfinex, Gemini and Bittrex.
major exchanges; Gemini;	Just a few hours ago Bitcoin and the wider cryptocurrency market received a sudden shock as Bitcoin plummeted from around $7800 to $7200 within 20 minutes across major exchanges including Coinbase, Bitfinex, Gemini and Bittrex.
major exchanges; Bittrex;	Just a few hours ago Bitcoin and the wider cryptocurrency market received a sudden shock as Bitcoin plummeted from around $7800 to $7200 within 20 minutes across major exchanges including Coinbase, Bitfinex, Gemini and Bittrex.
features; anonymity;	With the entire landscape of cryptocurrency, particularly the altcoin market, struggling to find legitimate use cases to justify the once-again expanding market capitalization, features such as anonymity may provide another layer for TRON.
players; XMR;	While the currency would face steep competition from established players such as XMR and ZCash, the broadening features of TRON’s network could compel users look for an all-in-one cryptocurrency to base out of.
players; ZCash;	While the currency would face steep competition from established players such as XMR and ZCash, the broadening features of TRON’s network could compel users look for an all-in-one cryptocurrency to base out of.
essential features; interface;	They would also be able to carry out other functions such as generating new transactions or resending previously sent transactions faster, creating and managing the development accounts and keys, uploading smart contracts using a graphical drag-and-drop interface, and other essential features.
social media; a lawyer;	Per TechCrunch, the other photos on Goxtrade’s staff page are from people found on social media, including a lawyer in Germany, an operations manager in Melbourne, and more.
technologies; analysis;	“...services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of software and related infrastructure, in particular in connection with investment activities, the operation of payments, financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies.”
technologies; big data;	“...services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of software and related infrastructure, in particular in connection with investment activities, the operation of payments, financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies.”
technologies; blockchain;	“...services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of software and related infrastructure, in particular in connection with investment activities, the operation of payments, financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies.”
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This is done to make it less volatile from Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
technologies; payments;	Libra will be looking at investing, payments, financing, blockchain and other technologies to work on via their newly established firm.
technologies; financing;	Libra will be looking at investing, payments, financing, blockchain and other technologies to work on via their newly established firm.
technologies; blockchain;	Libra will be looking at investing, payments, financing, blockchain and other technologies to work on via their newly established firm.
sources; Reuters;	Now, new reports have emerged from Reuters and other sources that allege the Libra Network will be developed in Switzerland, a country renowned for its financial dealings and banking security.
Facebook; Zuckerberg;	Recently, several wrote to Mark Zuckerberg and other Facebook executives for specific details regarding its rollout of the Libra Network, citing the previous Cambridge Analytica scandal as the reason for its inquiry.
platforms; platform;	Previously, Ethereum World News reported that many of US citizens are willing to invest in ‘Facebook Coin’, rather than Bitcoin, and use it on the social media platform and other platforms owned by Facebook, such as, WhatsApp and Instagram.
Those leaks; the Cambridge;	Those leaks, especially the Cambridge Analytica, are not sitting well with job prospects.
no fanfare; company;	The Switzerland move was done with no fanfare such as company press releases or blog posts.
websites; Facebook;	That includes the decision to include e-commerce payments on Facebook and other websites as well as rewards for viewing ads, shopping online, and interacting with content.
technologies; management;	According to the information revealed, this new fintech company, with Facebook Global Holdings as a stakeholder, is focused on such aspects as blockchain, payments, data analytics, investing, big data, identity management, and other technologies.
websites; Facebook;	It will also include e-commerce payments on Facebook and other websites as well as an opportunity for users to get rewards for viewing ads, shopping online, and watching, sharing and commenting content.
technologies; analysis;	…services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of software and related infrastructure, in particular in connection with investment activities, the operation of payments, financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies.
technologies; big data;	…services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of software and related infrastructure, in particular in connection with investment activities, the operation of payments, financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies.
technologies; blockchain;	…services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of software and related infrastructure, in particular in connection with investment activities, the operation of payments, financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies.
markets; manipulation;	Some believed that the Bitstamp trader was clearly attempting market manipulation, and other markets would have been punished for doing so, and others doubted whether Bitstamp's platform was functioning as it ought to be.
digital assets; Ether;	The New Zealand-based Cryptopia endured a hack on January 14 that cost the company $16 million worth of digital assets including Ether and ERC-20 tokens.
digital assets; ERC-20;	The New Zealand-based Cryptopia endured a hack on January 14 that cost the company $16 million worth of digital assets including Ether and ERC-20 tokens.
products; platform;	Cupid Farm Milk was chosen as one of the first products to be integrated with the BrightCode platform, and other products are expected to follow.
information; the source;	Users can scan the QR code on the milk bottles to trace the path that the product has taken along the supply chain, getting such information as the source of the milk, the environment in which it was produced and so on.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	As reported, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has long adopted a sceptical stance toward decentralized cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, even as he steers the megabank toward launching its own blockchain-powered native settlement digital asset, JPM Coin.
inputs; hardware;	They then calculated its cost of production using inputs including hardware energy efficiency, electricity expense, and estimated computational power.
global giants; Wall;	Yet another significant change is the entry of global giants, including Wall Street firms.
factors; computational power;	The bank estimated the cost of producing one Bitcoin, considering factors such as computational power, electricity expense, and hardware energy efficiency.
factors; electricity;	The bank estimated the cost of producing one Bitcoin, considering factors such as computational power, electricity expense, and hardware energy efficiency.
variables; electricity;	The Wall Street firm estimated the cost of “producing” a bitcoin using variables such as electricity expenses, hardware efficiency, and electricity expense.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Speaking at an annual investor day, Dimon also hinted that JPM Coin may one day find its way into retail, competing against Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies that are used to make purchases.
forms; bitcoin;	As we all remember, 2017 was marked by consistent (and grand) price spikes for bitcoin and other forms of mainstream crypto, with bitcoin reaching its all-time high of nearly $20,000 in December of 2017.
issues; high cost;	Garlinghouse said that the current cross-border payment scenario is riddled with issues such as high cost and slow process time.
financial institutions; commercial banks;	They are dealing with commercial banks and other financial institutions.
financial institutions; commercial banks;	Further pointing out that Ripple's xCurrent technology isn't targeting central banks, rather commercial banks, and other financial institutions.
community; Vitalik;	The cryptocurrency Bitconnect Coin (BCC) was considered a Ponzi scheme by most members of the cryptocurrency community, including Vitalik Buterin, the Founder of  Ethereum
community; Vitalik;	However, pretty soon, Bitconnect started to be described as a Ponzi scheme by most members of the cryptocurrency community, including Vitalik Buterin, the Founder of  Ethereum, and was ordered to cease and desist by regulators of North Carolina and Texas.
crypto; Bitcoin;	Explaining more, the ECB says cryptocurrencies do not currently perform the functions of money, as only a very low number of merchants accept crypto such as Bitcoin (BTC).
physical assets; fiat currencies;	However, as previously reported by IIB, the ECB is closely monitoring the development of stablecoins, which are pegged to physical assets such as fiat currencies.
transactions; the massive Binance;	He also touches on the thought process behind his much maligned and abandoned “reorg” idea, which would have involved attempting to incentivize 51% of miners that power the Bitcoin network to essentially reverse and reorganize recent Bitcoin transactions, including the massive Binance hack.
things; the Binance;	This may partially be attributed to the fact that Binance has made several improvements to its platform, with the release of such things as the Binance DEX, Binance Chain, and Binance Launchpad.
currencies; Bitcoin;	On Sunday, Zulu Republic tweeted that they had launched a special bot for WhatsApp users to send and receive such currencies as Bitcoin (BTC) and Litecoin (LTC) using a new Lite.Im bot.
third-world regions; Africa;	Mobile crypto transactions in such third-world regions as Africa and Asia are letting numerous unbanked people have access to the global financial system, online payments and providing them with bigger opportunities.
third-world regions; Asia;	Mobile crypto transactions in such third-world regions as Africa and Asia are letting numerous unbanked people have access to the global financial system, online payments and providing them with bigger opportunities.
apps; Facebook;	Lite.im facilitates crypto transactions on multiple messaging apps including Facebook Messenger, Telegram and regular text messages.
exchanges; Etherdelta;	An analysis from blockchain infrastructure firm Elementus estimated in February that $16 million worth of ether and tokens were stolen during the attack — $3.2 million of which were later traced to liquidations on exchanges such as Etherdelta, Binance and Bitbox.
exchanges; Binance;	An analysis from blockchain infrastructure firm Elementus estimated in February that $16 million worth of ether and tokens were stolen during the attack — $3.2 million of which were later traced to liquidations on exchanges such as Etherdelta, Binance and Bitbox.
exchanges; Bitbox;	An analysis from blockchain infrastructure firm Elementus estimated in February that $16 million worth of ether and tokens were stolen during the attack — $3.2 million of which were later traced to liquidations on exchanges such as Etherdelta, Binance and Bitbox.
terms; Beyonce;	More broadly, as Bitcoinist reported, search interest in the crypto industry is returning – recently outpacing that in terms including Beyonce Knowles and US president Donald Trump.
companies; Nike;	While companies such as Nike and Microsoft have amped up their crypto-investments, some other major financial institutions are moving away from the underlying technology.
companies; Microsoft;	While companies such as Nike and Microsoft have amped up their crypto-investments, some other major financial institutions are moving away from the underlying technology.
problems; scams;	Even though the Finance Ministry and the RBI had banned crypto and declared it illegal tender, the number of scams and other problems that can be solved with clear regulations are mounting.
equivalents; bitcoin;	“Prior to the April 24th order … Tether actually did invest in instruments beyond cash and cash equivalents, including bitcoin, they bought bitcoin.”
the future society; block;	One of the global issues today is smart city, which uses innovative technology to lead the future society such as block chian, big data and AI…we will implement a blockchain integrated authentication system in Seoul’s citizen card and expand the base for easy access to various administrative services.
technologies; blockchain;	In the latest, the city mayor of Seoul was reported to have participated in the ‘KFF & Blockchain Tech Show’ conference, where he talked about their involvement with the latest technologies such as blockchain and AI to deliver the best services to citizens.
technologies; AI;	In the latest, the city mayor of Seoul was reported to have participated in the ‘KFF & Blockchain Tech Show’ conference, where he talked about their involvement with the latest technologies such as blockchain and AI to deliver the best services to citizens.
multiple cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	As previously reported by BTCManager, the exchange’s vendor service supports multiple cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, bitcoin cash, ether, and litecoin.
places; Africa;	Charles Hoskinson has been working day after day in order to sign new partnerships and promote the project in Africa and other places.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Despite the volatility of digital assets such as Bitcoin [BTC], cryptocurrencies are slowly proving to be better than gold in terms of store-in-value.
issues; manipulation;	The regulator has always been upfront about their concerns with market manipulation, liquidity, financial crime and other issues as reasons for its rejections.
issues; liquidity;	The regulator has always been upfront about their concerns with market manipulation, liquidity, financial crime and other issues as reasons for its rejections.
issues; financial crime;	The regulator has always been upfront about their concerns with market manipulation, liquidity, financial crime and other issues as reasons for its rejections.
businesses; providers;	These standards, they report, are widely expected to subject crypto exchanges, wallet providers, and other businesses to the “travel rule” – a colloquial term given to a rule found in the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) that requires all financial institutions to pass on certain information to the next financial institution, in certain funds transmittals involving more than one financial institution.
financial crimes; laundering;	Introduced in 1996 in the U.S., the “travel rule” is designed to help law enforcement agencies detect, investigate, and prosecute money laundering and other financial crimes by preserving an information trail about persons sending and receiving funds through funds transfer systems.
markets; Gemini;	Since 2018, ambitious players seeking to bring regulation to the cryptocurrency markets, including Gemini operators Winklevoss twins, have tried to launch these derivative products.
key issues; commenters;	The agency explained that it had not “reached any conclusions with respect to any of the issues involved,” and hence was seeking comments on 18 key issues, including commenters’ opinion on BZX’s assertions that BTC “is arguably less susceptible to manipulation than other commodities that underlie exchange-traded products (ETPs),” as well as SolidX’s assertion that “the OTC desks have a better measure of the market than any exchange-specific reference price,” among others.
companies; EOS;	Hackers report 43 bugs to 13 crypto companies, including EOS and Coinbase
companies; Coinbase;	Hackers report 43 bugs to 13 crypto companies, including EOS and Coinbase
institutions; Street;	Given the Wild West nature of cryptocurrency exchanges, with hacks and other scandals becoming a regular occurrence for even the largest name players (look no further than Bitfinex and Binance), Wall Street and other institutions would prefer to have more assurance in their investment.
categories; securities;	In a recent blog post, the CEO stated that digital assets were a “fundamental new class of financial instruments”, one which could not be clubbed with categories such as securities, commodities, and currencies.
categories; commodities;	In a recent blog post, the CEO stated that digital assets were a “fundamental new class of financial instruments”, one which could not be clubbed with categories such as securities, commodities, and currencies.
the prior year; Josh;	When it was reintroduced this year, it had more sponsors than the prior year including Josh Gottheimer [D-NJ], Ted Budd [R-NC], Tulsi Gabbard [D-HI], and Scott Perry [R-PA].”
interested parties; BZX;	BZX, and other interested parties to provide written comments (in either electronic or paper form):
publications; InsideBitcoins.com;	Ali’s work has been published on a number of international cryptocurrency publications including InsideBitcoins.com.
luxury; vehicles;	This includes showing images of expensive motor vehicles, jewelry and other luxury items.
luxury; jewelry;	This includes showing images of expensive motor vehicles, jewelry and other luxury items.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Just last week the fraud hotline reported an increase in sextortion emails where victims were supposed to pay in bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to avoid being outed after allegedly having been video-recorded masturbating.
platforms; EOS;	This will go along way in keeping up with emerging platforms such as EOS and Tron which have been preferred choices for many DApp developers in recent years.
platforms; Tron;	This will go along way in keeping up with emerging platforms such as EOS and Tron which have been preferred choices for many DApp developers in recent years.
coins; Binance;	The incredible trading volume has beaten out top 10 coins such as Binance Coin, Cardano, and Stellar.
chain; native mobile apps;	User experience shows smooth UX and developer abstraction from mainchain to Matic chain including native mobile apps and SDK with WalletConnect support and security is guaranteed by Matic chain operators being themselves stakers in the PoS system.
chain; SDK;	User experience shows smooth UX and developer abstraction from mainchain to Matic chain including native mobile apps and SDK with WalletConnect support and security is guaranteed by Matic chain operators being themselves stakers in the PoS system.
project-related information; news;	By sharing project-related information such as news and progress reports on Binance Info, Matic is contributing to keeping the community informed.
project-related information; progress;	By sharing project-related information such as news and progress reports on Binance Info, Matic is contributing to keeping the community informed.
project-related information; news;	By sharing project-related information such as news and progress reports on Binance Info, Matic is contributing to keeping the community informed.
project-related information; progress;	By sharing project-related information such as news and progress reports on Binance Info, Matic is contributing to keeping the community informed.
Congress; Rep.;	The letter from the IRS comes in response to a request from 21 representatives in Congress, including Rep. Tom Emmer, to provide clarity on reporting taxes on cryptocurrency holdings.
issues; acceptable methods;	The instruction will specifically cover issues such as acceptable methods for calculation cost basis, cost basis assignment; and tax treatment of forks.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Back in 2014, the IRS chose not to recognize Bitcoin and other cryptos as currencies, characterizing them as property.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Then there are also the implications of using Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to make purchases.
virtual currencies; bitcoin;	Furthermore, the tax agency noted that bitcoin and other virtual currencies have developed since its 2014 tax guidance.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	The IRS released the Notice 2014-21, which recognized bitcoin and other digital currencies as property, and are therefore subject to capital gain tax laws.
popular projects; Ethereum;	DApps are growing fast due to their speed and cheapness taking away a lot of developers from popular projects such as Ethereum and EOS.
popular projects; EOS;	DApps are growing fast due to their speed and cheapness taking away a lot of developers from popular projects such as Ethereum and EOS.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Mining bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies requires large amounts of electricity and processing power.
similar platforms; Binance;	In a departure from other similar platforms such as Binance Launchpad, token issuers on Tokinex don’t have to pay any upfront fees for listing, while successful launches on the platform will also benefit from listing on both Bitfinex and Ethfinex.
Binance; OKEx;	This latest platform from Bitfinex adds to the growing list of IEO platforms that have followed Binance, including OKEx, Huobi and Bittrex.
Binance; Huobi;	This latest platform from Bitfinex adds to the growing list of IEO platforms that have followed Binance, including OKEx, Huobi and Bittrex.
Binance; Bittrex;	This latest platform from Bitfinex adds to the growing list of IEO platforms that have followed Binance, including OKEx, Huobi and Bittrex.
major players; Binance;	Bitfinex, Hong Kong-based digital asset trading platform, decided to join the list of Initial Exchange Offering (IEO) platforms which already include industry’s major players such as Binance, OKEx, Huobi, Bittrex, and others.
major players; OKEx;	Bitfinex, Hong Kong-based digital asset trading platform, decided to join the list of Initial Exchange Offering (IEO) platforms which already include industry’s major players such as Binance, OKEx, Huobi, Bittrex, and others.
major players; Huobi;	Bitfinex, Hong Kong-based digital asset trading platform, decided to join the list of Initial Exchange Offering (IEO) platforms which already include industry’s major players such as Binance, OKEx, Huobi, Bittrex, and others.
major players; Bittrex;	Bitfinex, Hong Kong-based digital asset trading platform, decided to join the list of Initial Exchange Offering (IEO) platforms which already include industry’s major players such as Binance, OKEx, Huobi, Bittrex, and others.
items; cars;	Research done by the Fiscal Information and Investigation Service revealed that the accused actually never purchased the mining machines and splurged the money on purchasing luxury items including cars, bikes, travel, and gambling.
items; bikes;	Research done by the Fiscal Information and Investigation Service revealed that the accused actually never purchased the mining machines and splurged the money on purchasing luxury items including cars, bikes, travel, and gambling.
items; travel;	Research done by the Fiscal Information and Investigation Service revealed that the accused actually never purchased the mining machines and splurged the money on purchasing luxury items including cars, bikes, travel, and gambling.
a prominent name; Bitcoin;	Maybe Binance Coin doesn’t have such a prominent name as Bitcoin, it is greatly supported by the name of one of the leading cryptocurrency exchanges, Binance and the initiatives of Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao and his team.
the market; Bitcoin;	As can be seen now, the rest of the market, including Bitcoin, is relatively calm, but Binance Coin is still going bullish.
the tokens price; the launch;	Several reasons could be attributed to the rise in the tokens price, including the launch of Binance Chain, Binance DEX, and token launches on Binance Launchpad.
exceptional gains; Bittorrent;	The latter is especially interesting, given that a number of tokens launched on Binance Launchpad have seen exceptional gains, including Bittorrent Token (BTT), Celer (CELER), and Matic (MATIC).
major food; Walmart;	The likes of Walmart and other major food producers are looking to the blockchain in order to trace food to its origin, and for Vegan Nation, this use of blockchain can also help them determine if food is 100 percent vegan and cruelty-free.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	He added that when that happens, “we shall all benefit from these technological and monetary developments and from the ability of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to serve as efficient, trustworthy, and widely accepted means of payment.” He further opined: “the way to that lies through the regulator.
regional organizations; the European Commission;	The FATF currently has 36 member jurisdictions and 2 regional organizations, including the European Commission.
a foreign currency; the dollar;	One of his arguments was that bitcoin should be viewed as a foreign currency such as the dollar.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	This includes the United States where the Internal Revenue Service treats Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as property.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	As soon as its use becomes widespread, the legislature will have to rewrite the law in such a way as to accommodate this, and we shall all benefit from these technological and monetary developments and from the ability of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to serve as efficient, trustworthy, and widely accepted means of payment.
digital assets; bitcoin;	Israeli authorities have once again made it clear that bitcoin and other digital assets are not currencies.
the directors; Thelen;	The appointment of the directors, including Thelen, was met with a lot of positive reaction online.
representatives; Hence;	Hence, Thelen and other representatives on the Council are expected to take greater initiative in fulfilling the Council’s objectives.
representatives; Thelen;	Hence, Thelen and other representatives on the Council are expected to take greater initiative in fulfilling the Council’s objectives.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	By CCN: SIM hijackers aiming to steal bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are getting bolder and more daring.
cryptocurrencies; the bitcoin;	The attacker then moved the bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies to a non-Coinbase on-chain address.
crypto assets; bitcoin;	Earlier this month California’s Supreme Court awarded him $75.8 million in another suit he had filed against a 21-year old SIM hijacker who stole his bitcoin and other crypto assets.
cryptos; Slovenia;	Now with the recent push in Croatia and Slovenia, BCH and other cryptos have more merchant acceptance to rely on.
cryptos; BCH;	Now with the recent push in Croatia and Slovenia, BCH and other cryptos have more merchant acceptance to rely on.
assets; bitcoin;	Citing obtained court documents, The Block reported that Tether, a stablecoin closely related to Bitfinex, admitted it has historically used some of its reserves to purchase bitcoin and other assets.
equivalents; bitcoin;	David Miller, an attorney representing Bitfinex, was quoted saying, “Tether actually did invest in instruments beyond cash and cash equivalents, including bitcoin.”
assets; Bitcoin;	Earlier today Bitfinex revealed that Tether was invested in Bitcoin and other assets as a portion of its reserves backing the 1 USD pegged value of their stablecoin, which prompted New York Supreme Court Judge Joel M. Cohen to respond,
equivalents; bitcoin;	The publication obtained a transcript of the court proceedings and in it, attorney for Bitfinex David MIller said that “Tether actually did invest in instruments beyond cash and cash equivalents, including bitcoin.”
equivalents; bitcoin;	Prior to the April 24th order … Tether actually did invest in instruments beyond cash and cash equivalents, including bitcoin, they bought bitcoin.
funding; Gitcoin;	“Encouraging other organizations besides the Foundation to support high-priority projects, and supporting innovative mechanisms for funding, including Gitcoin grants and MolochDAO.
development; Plasma;	The Ethereum Foundation has revealed in a blog post how they plan to budget $30 million in funds towards the development of major areas of Ethereum’s development, including Plasma and the much anticipated Ethereum 2.0 upgrade.
the network; a level;	It is expected to bring several upgrades to the network, including a level of scaling that will support global use.
blockchains; Ethereum;	This includes a command line tool for developers, a programming language to write smart contracts on Ethereum and other blockchains, and the Ethers.js code library for Ethereum developers.
blockchains; Ethereum;	Some of the important tasks of the Ethereum 1.0 projects include programming languages to write smart contracts on Ethereum and other blockchains, command line tools for developers, and the Ethers.js code library for Ethereum developers.
platforms; Gitcoin;	Additionally, the Foundation stated that they would be working on the development of fundraising platforms such as Gitcoin and MolochDAO.
platforms; MolochDAO;	Additionally, the Foundation stated that they would be working on the development of fundraising platforms such as Gitcoin and MolochDAO.
D; ZoKrates;	Zero-knowledge R&D, including ZoKrates
mass; browsers;	Encouraging browsers and other mass consumer technologies to seamlessly integrate Ethereum into their user experiences
associates; Coin;	The Commission’s complaint charges Argyle Coin, Aman, and other associates with violations of the United States securities laws and fraud.
associates; Aman;	The Commission’s complaint charges Argyle Coin, Aman, and other associates with violations of the United States securities laws and fraud.
lines; the Galaxy;	He added that they would continue to work with Block.one as a key partner across a number of business lines including the Galaxy EOS VC Fund which invests in companies building on the EOS protocol.
big names; PayPal;	Block.one received further investment from a number of big names including PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel and Bitmain co-founder Jihan Wu in July last year.
assets; cash;	assets including cash and investments at the end of February and by March it
assets; investments;	assets including cash and investments at the end of February and by March it
lines; the Galaxy;	“We continue to work closely with Block.one as a key partner across a number of our business lines, including the Galaxy EOS VC Fund, which invests in companies building on the EOS.IO protocol, and remain excited about the EOS.IO protocol."
lines; the Galaxy;	We continue to work closely with Block.one as a key partner across a number of our business lines, including the Galaxy EOS VC Fund, which invests in companies building on the EOS.IO protocol, and remain excited about the EOS.IO protocol.”
total assets; cash;	Bloomberg cites a March 2019 email to shareholders that reportedly indicated that EOS’ total assets, including cash and investments, amounted to $3 billion at the end of February.
total assets; investments;	Bloomberg cites a March 2019 email to shareholders that reportedly indicated that EOS’ total assets, including cash and investments, amounted to $3 billion at the end of February.
lines; the Galaxy;	“We continue to work closely with Block.one as a key partner across a number of our business lines, including the Galaxy EOS VC Fund, which invests in companies building on the EOS.IO protocol, and remain excited about the EOS.IO protocol.”
major markets; Japan;	The Chinese government has, in essence, banned every area of the crypto market that can be banned such as trading, a regulatory approach that opposes that of Japan and other major markets.
crypto assets; bitcoin;	But, owning bitcoin and other crypto assets is not prohibited as of now.
virtual assets; Bitcoin;	He stated that occasional peer-to-peer trading of Bitcoin was one of the “rights of ownership” and it felt in the nature of “disposition right.” Hence, owning and occasional P2P transaction of Bitcoin and other virtual assets should be legal, he said.
cryptos; ether;	Similarly, the Shanghai Hongkou District Court in China recognized cryptos, including ether, should be protected by law, in a case where a defendant refused to return 20 ETH to an ICO investor.
items; expensive cars;	Instead, they were using the investors’ money to buy luxury items including expensive cars, real estate, and fancy jewelry.
items; real estate;	Instead, they were using the investors’ money to buy luxury items including expensive cars, real estate, and fancy jewelry.
several different stakeholders; management;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	We will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.
previous months; March;	The report shows that daily account openings for Bitpoint were three times as high in May as in previous months such as March.
financial services; exchanges;	The FATF will reportedly send its investigatory arm to review the strength of the Japanese FSA’s anti-money laundering (AML) policies, which includes policy for crypto exchanges and other financial services.
institutions; Google;	Harmony’s team is made up of 15 core team who have experience from top tier institutions including Google, Apple, Amazon, Harvard, and Stanford.
institutions; Apple;	Harmony’s team is made up of 15 core team who have experience from top tier institutions including Google, Apple, Amazon, Harvard, and Stanford.
institutions; Amazon;	Harmony’s team is made up of 15 core team who have experience from top tier institutions including Google, Apple, Amazon, Harvard, and Stanford.
institutions; Harvard;	Harmony’s team is made up of 15 core team who have experience from top tier institutions including Google, Apple, Amazon, Harvard, and Stanford.
cases; energy;	Harmony helps businesses build marketplaces of fungible tokens for industry use cases such as energy credits and non-fungible assets (game collectibles, real estate).
stores; rate;	Speaking of progress, the twins recently announced Gemini’s partnership with Flexa - a collaboration that will allow customers to spend Bitcoin, Bitcoin cash, Ethereum and Gemini’s stablecoin the Gemini Dollar within selected stores including rate and Barrel, Nordstrom, and Amazon-owned Whole Foods, with Regal Cinemas, Gamestop and Baskin Robbins and Starbucks.
stores; Barrel;	Speaking of progress, the twins recently announced Gemini’s partnership with Flexa - a collaboration that will allow customers to spend Bitcoin, Bitcoin cash, Ethereum and Gemini’s stablecoin the Gemini Dollar within selected stores including rate and Barrel, Nordstrom, and Amazon-owned Whole Foods, with Regal Cinemas, Gamestop and Baskin Robbins and Starbucks.
stablecoins; PAX;	Quote asset volumes driven by stablecoins such as PAX, TUSD and USDC on Binance (denoted as USD(S)) recorded a 69% increase in the market share.
stablecoins; TUSD;	Quote asset volumes driven by stablecoins such as PAX, TUSD and USDC on Binance (denoted as USD(S)) recorded a 69% increase in the market share.
stablecoins; USDC;	Quote asset volumes driven by stablecoins such as PAX, TUSD and USDC on Binance (denoted as USD(S)) recorded a 69% increase in the market share.
Valley; Peter;	Among the early backers are a slew of billionaires and powerful players in Silicon Valley, including Peter Thiel, Alan Howard and Louis Bacon.
merchants; OpenCart;	Presently, the app is used by such merchants as OpenCart, WooCommerce and a couple of others.
merchants; WooCommerce;	Presently, the app is used by such merchants as OpenCart, WooCommerce and a couple of others.
merchants; a couple;	Presently, the app is used by such merchants as OpenCart, WooCommerce and a couple of others.
technology; access;	Developers on The Abyss platform will enjoy favorable terms for use of UE4 technology, including access to the Unreal Developer Network (UDN), free maintenance and technical support.
the globe; Middle;	However, Ripple Inc. keeps educating governments across the globe, especially Middle East, on the importance of XRP in cross-border remitting.
ways; ads;	Through Coil, readers can fully enjoy the content created by the creators ad-free as the platform itself repays supporting the work of the individuals without them having the need of piling up ads and other ways of compensation.
many traders; bulls;	Per time of writing, when it comes to its price performance against the US Dollar, it is on the same trend and sentiment as all the other leading coins with 3.60% decrease for the last 24-hours as BTC’s dance with the major $8,000.00 did not go so well and went for more than a week and as a situation it became alarming for many traders especially bulls.
cryptocurrencies; BTC;	The new smart, tech-centric cafe is designed to fuel adoption of BTC and other cryptocurrencies by offering “a place to learn, earn, and network with other crypto enthusiasts, makers, and technology enthusiasts.”
An initiative; the Smart;	An initiative such as the Smart Crypto Cafe that not only adds the tag “Bitcoin Accepted” to its door but also focuses on teaching its customers about the bustling industry could prove to be an interesting way of spreading the word.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	The service was purportedly one of the three largest mixing services for cryptocurrencies including bitcoin (BTC), litecoin (LTC), bitcoin cash (BCH) and others.
the past year; chat;	The FIOD reportedly collected data on all the transactions on the platform in the past year, including chat messages, bitcoin addresses, IP-addresses and more.
federal courts; disputes;	Disputes over the claims in a registration may be heard before federal courts, including disputes over authorship of a work."
Bitcoin-related domains; thesatoshinakamoto.com;	Not only did Kua Maria copyright the white paper, but he also copyrighted a decent number of other trademarks and words like “Bitcoin Cash.” Additionally, Kua Maria owned a bunch of Bitcoin-related domains such as thesatoshinakamoto.com, bitcoincopyrights.com, bitcoincashcopyright.com, bchcopyright.com, and others.
Bitcoin-related domains; bitcoincopyrights.com;	Not only did Kua Maria copyright the white paper, but he also copyrighted a decent number of other trademarks and words like “Bitcoin Cash.” Additionally, Kua Maria owned a bunch of Bitcoin-related domains such as thesatoshinakamoto.com, bitcoincopyrights.com, bitcoincashcopyright.com, bchcopyright.com, and others.
Bitcoin-related domains; bitcoincashcopyright.com;	Not only did Kua Maria copyright the white paper, but he also copyrighted a decent number of other trademarks and words like “Bitcoin Cash.” Additionally, Kua Maria owned a bunch of Bitcoin-related domains such as thesatoshinakamoto.com, bitcoincopyrights.com, bitcoincashcopyright.com, bchcopyright.com, and others.
Bitcoin-related domains; bchcopyright.com;	Not only did Kua Maria copyright the white paper, but he also copyrighted a decent number of other trademarks and words like “Bitcoin Cash.” Additionally, Kua Maria owned a bunch of Bitcoin-related domains such as thesatoshinakamoto.com, bitcoincopyrights.com, bitcoincashcopyright.com, bchcopyright.com, and others.
federal courts; disputes;	Essentially after addressing that multiple registrants have copyrighted certain technologies, the agency said that it’s really up to the “federal courts, including disputes over authorship of a work.” Moreover, when it comes to works created by a pseudonym with a moniker like Satoshi Nakamoto, the Copyright Office “does not investigate whether there is a provable connection between the claimant and the pseudonymous author.” The U.S.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Markets.Bitcoin.com, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Markets.Bitcoin.com, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
federal courts; disputes;	Disputes over the claims in a registration may be heard before federal courts, including disputes over authorship of a work.
federal courts; disputes;	“It is possible for multiple, adverse claims to be registered at the Copyright Office… Disputes over the claims in a registration may be heard before federal courts, including disputes over authorship of a work.”
upgrades; a Proof-of-Stake;	The Cardano (ADA) project will soon release its highly anticipated Shelley update, which will bring such upgrades as a Proof-of-Stake consensus mechanism.
Officials; Charles;	Officials, including Charles Hoskinson, have previously said that they are targeting the end of Q1 as a release date for the mainnet version of Shelley.
several important features; paper;	The Cardano project has stated on their roadmap page that they will offer a new roadmap on the coming weeks, but what we do know about Shelley is that it will bring several important features, including paper wallets, quantum resistance, human-friendly addresses, multiSig transactions, and much more.
a button; United;	To this end, account holders can alternate between 27 fiat currencies and perform exchanges at the click of a button, including United States dollars, Canadian dollars and euros.
records; credit;	Earlier this month, three global banks joined Finastra’s R3 Corda blockchain-based syndicated loans platform — enabling financial institutions to instantly share records such as credit agreements and accrual balances.
crypto-related bills; crowdfunding;	Speaking at a recent meeting of the Parliament, Skorobogatova argued that the DFA, as well as a draft law on crowdfunding and other crypto-related bills, are at a “sufficiently high degree of preparedness” to be adopted during the session.
terms; “ cryptocurrencies;	While the FATF obligated Russia to legislate major industry terms such as “cryptocurrencies” and “bitcoin (BTC),” Russia’s central bank was reportedly influencing the lawmakers to avoid including some of the terminology in the bill.
various companies; the Winklevosses;	These types of solutions are being developed right now by various companies such as the Winklevosses’ recently launched Spedn app for spending crypto at various retail stores like Starbucks, Whole Foods, and more.
user; keys;	The hackers were able to get access to 2FA codes, API keys, and other user info resulting in a security breach.
physical assets; fine art;	Nevertheless, it is expected that later it will explore the potential of digital versions of other physical assets including fine art.
financial DLT; D3Ledger;	“Stablecoins backed by central bank (preferably) or bank money will drive adoption of D3Ledger and other financial DLT platforms,” Duvanov said.
major coins; bitcoin;	Last year, the SIX Swiss Exchange announced plans to list the world’s first crypto-based exchange-traded product (ETP) — tracking a basket of five major coins including bitcoin (BTC), ripple (XRP) and ethereum (ETH).
financial assets; tokens;	 of security tokens and other financial assets on distributed ledger technology (DLT)-based platforms.
real-world; fine art;	These include fine art and other real-world items which can be tokenized.
financial DLT; Ledger;	  Stablecoins backed by central bank (preferably) or bank money will drive adoption of the D3 Ledger and other financial DLT [distributed ledger technology] platforms.
coins; Ripple;	Frank Muller says it is exploring Ethereum and the top five coins, including Ripple XRP for future models.
women; a limited run;	Muller has several designs for men and women, including a limited run of 50 watches each over $25,000.
communities; COZ;	Funds are reserved to support the development of the NEO ecosystem and the growth of the community, as is exemplified by its support of development communities such as COZ, NewEconoLabs, and O3 Labs over the last few years.
communities; NewEconoLabs;	Funds are reserved to support the development of the NEO ecosystem and the growth of the community, as is exemplified by its support of development communities such as COZ, NewEconoLabs, and O3 Labs over the last few years.
major crypto assets; ethereum;	By CCN: In the last 24 hours, the bitcoin price has dropped by around four percent against the U.S. dollar, leading major crypto assets such as ethereum, bitcoin cash, and XRP to drop by more than seven percent.
well-regulated companies; Fidelity;	A steady inflow of capital from institutions into the crypto market has become a possibility with the emergence of reliable custodial solutions developed by well-regulated companies such as Fidelity and ICE’s Bakkt.
well-regulated companies; ICE;	A steady inflow of capital from institutions into the crypto market has become a possibility with the emergence of reliable custodial solutions developed by well-regulated companies such as Fidelity and ICE’s Bakkt.
participants; Bitcoin;	While 2018 was a dull year for cryptocurrency market participants, including Bitcoin miners and crypto traders, as the price of Satoshi Nakamoto’s virtual currency lost nearly 80 percent of 2017’s massive gains, April brought in a breath of fresh air to the markets, sending BTC to $8,000.
—; the potential;	“Bitcoin and other digital currencies offer unique benefits to consumers — including the potential for more cost-effective and faster remittances to family and friends,” Neil Bergquist, Coinme cofounder and CEO, commented in the press release.
—; the potential;	“Bitcoin and other digital currencies offer unique benefits to consumers — including the potential for more cost-effective and faster remittances to family and friends.
stores; Albertsons;	Therefore, in collaboration with Coinstar they decided to put Bitcoin ATMs in the grocery stores such as Albertsons, Jewel, Safeway, Shaw’s or Save Mart and others.
stores; Jewel;	Therefore, in collaboration with Coinstar they decided to put Bitcoin ATMs in the grocery stores such as Albertsons, Jewel, Safeway, Shaw’s or Save Mart and others.
stores; Safeway;	Therefore, in collaboration with Coinstar they decided to put Bitcoin ATMs in the grocery stores such as Albertsons, Jewel, Safeway, Shaw’s or Save Mart and others.
stores; Shaw;	Therefore, in collaboration with Coinstar they decided to put Bitcoin ATMs in the grocery stores such as Albertsons, Jewel, Safeway, Shaw’s or Save Mart and others.
state; main crypto;	At this moment Coinme provides its services in 21 state, including main crypto markets in Boston, Chicago, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, San Diego, Seattle and Washington D.C. And we strongly believe that this number is going to increase in the nearest future.
financial institutions; banks;	Ripple XRP acceptance by banks and other financial institutions will trigger off cryptocurrency institutional adoption.
platforms; Ethereum;	With the boom in decentralized finance on Ethereum and other platforms, the industry now needs high-quality infrastructure to tie it all together.
token standards; ERC-20;	By leveraging a cross-chain ecosystem, Fantom plans to support a number of token standards, including ERC-20 and Binance’s BEP-2.
token standards; Binance;	By leveraging a cross-chain ecosystem, Fantom plans to support a number of token standards, including ERC-20 and Binance’s BEP-2.
exchanges; KuCoin;	FTM is currently listed on several smaller exchanges including KuCoin, Bibox and Bitmax.
exchanges; Bibox;	FTM is currently listed on several smaller exchanges including KuCoin, Bibox and Bitmax.
exchanges; Bitmax;	FTM is currently listed on several smaller exchanges including KuCoin, Bibox and Bitmax.
crypto; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto in New York State.https://t.co/HGyvW8NUk9 pic.twitter.com/K2XfXZukXO
crypto; Ethereum;	Trade Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other crypto in New York State.https://t.co/HGyvW8NUk9 pic.twitter.com/K2XfXZukXO
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Robinhood Crypto currently offers support for seven cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin SV, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Litecoin, and Dogecoin.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Robinhood Crypto currently offers support for seven cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin SV, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Litecoin, and Dogecoin.
States; California;	From now, the Robinhood Crypto service is available in 39 states in the United States, including California, Washington and Florida, among others.
States; Washington;	From now, the Robinhood Crypto service is available in 39 states in the United States, including California, Washington and Florida, among others.
States; Florida;	From now, the Robinhood Crypto service is available in 39 states in the United States, including California, Washington and Florida, among others.
non-security cryptos; bitcoin;	Previously, the DFS granted a BitLicense to a institutional-grade crypto trading platform Tagomi Trading, enabling the company to offer trade routing and order execution services for non-security cryptos including bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin and bitcoin cash.
non-security cryptos; ethereum;	Previously, the DFS granted a BitLicense to a institutional-grade crypto trading platform Tagomi Trading, enabling the company to offer trade routing and order execution services for non-security cryptos including bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin and bitcoin cash.
non-security cryptos; litecoin;	Previously, the DFS granted a BitLicense to a institutional-grade crypto trading platform Tagomi Trading, enabling the company to offer trade routing and order execution services for non-security cryptos including bitcoin, ethereum, litecoin and bitcoin cash.
different digital assets; bitcoin;	Currently, Robinhood app users can buy seven different digital assets including bitcoin (BTC), bitcoin cash (BCH), bitcoin SV (BSV), ether (ETH), ethereum classic (ETC), litecoin (LTC), and dogecoin (DOGE).
top exchanges; Kraken;	Compared to some of the other top exchanges such as Kraken who hold 413x more BTC, and 585x more ETH, yet had far less trading volume that HitBTC.
fields; manufacturing;	The stated aim of the suite is to provide “additional transparency and accountability to even the most complex supply chains” for institutional customers in fields such as manufacturing, retail, and healthcare.
a network; AT;	AT&T also filed a patent application — which was published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in December — for a blockchain-based “social media history map” that would allow a network such as AT&T to gather its subscribers' social media “transaction” data.
accessories; smartphones;	Currently, the crypto payments are limited to bill payment only and AT&T did not specify whether customers would be able to purchase smartphones and other accessories online or in AT&T’s brick and mortar stores.
Major retailers; Starbucks;	Major retailers such as Starbucks, Whole Foods and Overstock have all begun accepting crypto payments and the demand for crypto payment services continues to grow.
Major retailers; Whole;	Major retailers such as Starbucks, Whole Foods and Overstock have all begun accepting crypto payments and the demand for crypto payment services continues to grow.
services; bills;	AT&T, the largest telecommunications company around the world, has recently announced that it will be accepting Bitcoin (BTC) as a payment for services such as bills.
some brands; Whole Foods;	A few days ago, Flexa network and the SPEDN app informed that they were going to be accepting virtual currencies in some brands such as Whole Foods, Lowe’s and also Nordstrom.
some brands; Lowe;	A few days ago, Flexa network and the SPEDN app informed that they were going to be accepting virtual currencies in some brands such as Whole Foods, Lowe’s and also Nordstrom.
several new features; feeless crypto-to-crypto conversions;	In a bit to global and compete with the likes of Binance, the exchange has also introduced several new features, including feeless crypto-to-crypto conversions and instant PayPal withdrawals.
several new features; instant PayPal;	In a bit to global and compete with the likes of Binance, the exchange has also introduced several new features, including feeless crypto-to-crypto conversions and instant PayPal withdrawals.
Avelacom; proprietary trading;	Institutional customers of Avelacom including proprietary trading firms and hedge funds will now be able to access Seed CX’s real-time market data and order-routing solutions.
firms; Western;	The company has already held talks with the representatives of Bank of England, the U.S. Treasury and money transfer firms including Western Union about its Libra payment project.
financial institutions; Visa;	Furthermore, this report said that, according to people familiar, Facebook was talking to "financial institutions including Visa Inc., Mastercard Inc. and payment processor First Data Corp." about investing in this project.
technologies; analysis;	According to the English translation, the stated purpose of this company is "provision of services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of related software and infrastructure, particularly in connection with investment activities, the payment operation, the financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies."
technologies; big data;	According to the English translation, the stated purpose of this company is "provision of services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of related software and infrastructure, particularly in connection with investment activities, the payment operation, the financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies."
technologies; blockchain;	According to the English translation, the stated purpose of this company is "provision of services in the fields of finance and technology, as well as the development and production of related software and infrastructure, particularly in connection with investment activities, the payment operation, the financing, identity management, data analysis, big data, blockchain and other technologies."
firms; Western;	Facebook is also in talks with global remittance firms such as Western Union "as it looks for cheaper and faster ways for people without a bank account to send and receive money."
firms; Western;	The company is also in talks with money transfer firms including Western Union as it looks for cheaper and faster ways for people without a bank account to send and receive money.
fiat currencies; the dollar;	According to two people familiar with the matter, Facebook has already held talks with at least two cryptocurrency exchanges, Coinbase and Gemini, through which users could store their coins safely or could convert the Facebook coin into other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies such as the dollar.
firms; Western;	Officials from the U.S. Treasury have been approached by Facebook, also, with respect to potential “operational and regulatory issues.” Moreover, Facebook is reportedly “in talks with money transfer firms including Western Union as it looks for cheaper and faster ways for people without a bank account to send and receive money.”
platforms; WhatsApp;	It is also expected that GlobalCoin will be used on platforms such as WhatsApp, Messenger and Instagram, owned by Facebook, to allow people without a bank account to transfer value to each other through the Facebook ecosystem.
platforms; Messenger;	It is also expected that GlobalCoin will be used on platforms such as WhatsApp, Messenger and Instagram, owned by Facebook, to allow people without a bank account to transfer value to each other through the Facebook ecosystem.
platforms; Instagram;	It is also expected that GlobalCoin will be used on platforms such as WhatsApp, Messenger and Instagram, owned by Facebook, to allow people without a bank account to transfer value to each other through the Facebook ecosystem.
firms; Western;	Next to that, Facebook is in talks with money transfer firms such as Western Union.
major non-financial bodies; Facebook;	A recent report by Binance Research shows that Facebook and other major non-financial bodies could determine the future of the cryptocurrency market in the near future.
several stable coins; USDC;	The announcement by Binance also states that users can start depositing TFUEL in preparation for trading on trading pairs that include BTC, BNB, and several stable coins including USDC, TUSD, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; TUSD;	The announcement by Binance also states that users can start depositing TFUEL in preparation for trading on trading pairs that include BTC, BNB, and several stable coins including USDC, TUSD, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; USDT;	The announcement by Binance also states that users can start depositing TFUEL in preparation for trading on trading pairs that include BTC, BNB, and several stable coins including USDC, TUSD, USDT, and PAX.
the headlines; Bitcoin;	Litecoin hasn't been dominating the headlines such as Bitcoin, but quietly it has gained almost 400% during this bull market of 2019.
new features; Brave;	The popular crypto-backed Brave browser has been on fire as of late with rapid user growth and the introduction of exciting new features such as Brave Ads and Rewards which enables users to receive Basic Attention Token (BAT) for viewing ads and content creators to earn BAT from producing quality content.
new products; a decentralized exchange;	As part of its ongoing transition that will see new products, including a decentralized exchange, Binance released preliminary views of its new trading interface.
new products; Binance;	As part of its ongoing transition that will see new products, including a decentralized exchange, Binance released preliminary views of its new trading interface.
major exchanges; Kraken;	Some other major exchanges, including Kraken, GDAX and BitMEX already offer the tool.
major exchanges; GDAX;	Some other major exchanges, including Kraken, GDAX and BitMEX already offer the tool.
major exchanges; BitMEX;	Some other major exchanges, including Kraken, GDAX and BitMEX already offer the tool.
intellectual property-driven content; film;	Per the report, Proxima Media — which Kavanaugh founded and owns — announced plans for a new crypto-enabled financing tool for film, TV, music and other intellectual property-driven content dubbed Proxicoin.
intellectual property-driven content; TV;	Per the report, Proxima Media — which Kavanaugh founded and owns — announced plans for a new crypto-enabled financing tool for film, TV, music and other intellectual property-driven content dubbed Proxicoin.
intellectual property-driven content; music;	Per the report, Proxima Media — which Kavanaugh founded and owns — announced plans for a new crypto-enabled financing tool for film, TV, music and other intellectual property-driven content dubbed Proxicoin.
critical services; real estate;	The ransomware attack, which was first discovered on May 7, has terrorized the city government and crippled critical services such as real estate transactions and online payments.
workarounds; the use;	The city has resorted to manual workarounds including the use of archaic paper certificates for property transactions.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Towards the end of the interview, Novogratz was asked if any of the current leading cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), or EOS will succeed as a currency.
techniques; screen-scraping;	Bitwise collected custom-data on 83 exchanges, by utilizing screen-scraping and other techniques.
forums; Reddit;	HitBTC, a Hong Kong-based exchange has been the center of accusations among users on Reddit, Twitter, and other forums.
forums; Twitter;	HitBTC, a Hong Kong-based exchange has been the center of accusations among users on Reddit, Twitter, and other forums.
authorities; the US;	Looking at traditional companies, we can see that these sorts of things are very carefully monitored by the regulating authorities such as the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
precious metals; gold;	For instance, in November 2012, he predicted that the UK pound was going to collapse, and advised investors to buy Bitcoin and precious metals such as gold and silver in order to undermine “the banksters.”
precious metals; silver;	For instance, in November 2012, he predicted that the UK pound was going to collapse, and advised investors to buy Bitcoin and precious metals such as gold and silver in order to undermine “the banksters.”
Regulators; the SEC;	Regulators such as the SEC and others have noted that they are skeptical of the cryptocurrency space as it is still so nascent and new, and thus susceptible to market manipulation.
Regulators; others;	Regulators such as the SEC and others have noted that they are skeptical of the cryptocurrency space as it is still so nascent and new, and thus susceptible to market manipulation.
several major upgrades; a Proof-of-Stake consensus;	Shelley brings with it several major upgrades, including a Proof-of-Stake consensus mechanism, quantum resistance, paper wallets, human-friendly addresses, and MultiSig transactions.
coins; Bitcoin;	 However, coins such as Bitcoin SV, which has been in its own winning streak for the last couple of days has seen gains of as high as 30%.
costs; the ones;	Ripple some times sells the digital token it has in its reserve to cover operating costs, especially the ones related to XRP adoption.
major exchanges; Bitstamp;	By CCN: On May 27, the bitcoin price surged from $8,000 to $8,939 on major exchanges such as Bitstamp and Coinbase, achieving a new high for 2019.
major exchanges; Coinbase;	By CCN: On May 27, the bitcoin price surged from $8,000 to $8,939 on major exchanges such as Bitstamp and Coinbase, achieving a new high for 2019.
major exchanges; CME;	The sustainability of the volume on CME, BitMEX, and other major exchanges would dictate the near-term trend of BTC.
major exchanges; BitMEX;	The sustainability of the volume on CME, BitMEX, and other major exchanges would dictate the near-term trend of BTC.
financial institutions; local banks;	SBI Group reiterated its dedication toward developing the society by slashing social costs as well as encouraging local banks and other financial institutions to participate in the management as a shareholder of MoneyTap.
exchanges; Bitstamp;	By CCN: In the U.S. market and on strictly regulated crypto exchanges such as Bitstamp and Coinbase, the bitcoin price surpassed $8,900 to achieve a new 2019 high at $8,939.
exchanges; Coinbase;	By CCN: In the U.S. market and on strictly regulated crypto exchanges such as Bitstamp and Coinbase, the bitcoin price surpassed $8,900 to achieve a new 2019 high at $8,939.
analysts; global markets;	Technically, when the bitcoin price surpassed $7,000, analysts including global markets analyst Alex Krüger stated that the dominant crypto asset entered a bull market territory.
factors; the rise;	An impactful fundamental factor like the block reward halving is likely behind other factors such as the rise institutional and retail interest because of the sheer momentum of the crypto market in recent weeks.
thing; bad publicity;	Perhaps it’s true that there’s no such thing as bad publicity.
unknown wallets; treasury;	Whale Alert, a tracker of large cryptocurrency transactions, flagged many large USDT transactions from Tether treasury, Bitfinex, and other unknown wallets.
unknown wallets; Bitfinex;	Whale Alert, a tracker of large cryptocurrency transactions, flagged many large USDT transactions from Tether treasury, Bitfinex, and other unknown wallets.
major crypto; BNB;	Contending with BNB and other major crypto exchanges will likely be difficult, but Yahoo has years of search and preference data which should help them compete.
cryptocurrencies; litecoin;	Per sources close to the matter, the exchange will initially allow users to trade in bitcoin (BTC) and ether (ETH) with plans to introduce support for other cryptocurrencies such as litecoin (LTC), Ripple’s XRP, and bitcoin cash (BCH) shortly.
a complex market; Japan;	But how likely is Taotao to dethrone its competitors — both current and those to come — in a complex market such as Japan?
numerous precautions; on-site inspections;	In the wake of these security breaches, the watchdog has been taking numerous precautions, including on-site inspections of exchanges’ offices and mandatory risk management system reports.
Fift; the language;	Studying the document it is possible to find out some details about Fift, including the language’s basics and TON-specific operations, as well as a number of other issues.
global developers; Russian development;	The obvious existence of a testnet is consistent to the conpany’s April reports, according to which Telegram opened access to private beta testing version to a limited number of global developers, including Russian development teams.
major cryptocurrencies; the adoption;	Technically nearly identical to Bitcoin, Litecoin has some improvements over most major cryptocurrencies, including the adoption of Segregated Witness, and the Lightning Network.
factors; production;	Such a trend could be explained at that time by a relatively small and not well-developed crypto market, the reduction of block production, and other factors.
high-profile engineering; Bosch;	According to the announcement, T-Labs and Fetch.AI are members of the Trusted IoT Alliance (TIoTA), along Bosch, Siemens and other high-profile engineering companies.
high-profile engineering; Siemens;	According to the announcement, T-Labs and Fetch.AI are members of the Trusted IoT Alliance (TIoTA), along Bosch, Siemens and other high-profile engineering companies.
subsidiaries; T-Mobile;	It employs 216,000 people worldwide with reps in over 50 countries, and owns several telecom subsidiaries including T-Mobile, the third largest wireless provider in the US.
IEOs; Fetch.AI;	A recent industry report revealed that IEOs such as Fetch.AI have raised about $1.4B in the first five months of 2019 to mark the birth of an era, as the Blockchain and cryptocurrency industry transitions away from the ICO frenzy of 2017 to mid-2018.
households; Investments;	Backing this prediction, the investor looks to the fact that you see Facebook, JP Morgan, Fidelity Investments, and other households names in Silicon Valley and on Wall Street effectively endorsing the technology behind crypto assets by jumping into this space.
Silicon; Uber;	He goes on to look to the underperformance of Uber and other Silicon Valley IPOs as a way to back his theory that venture capital money is flooding into crypto, which many see as a non-correlated and an asymmetric play.
authorities; the US;	If we take a look at traditional companies, we can see that those kind of things are very carefully monitored by the regulating authorities such as the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
topics; consensus;	The kit includes a blockchain knowledge glossary, which covers topics such as consensus algorithms, smart contracts, miners and security incentivization, token standards and the so-dubbed scalability trilemma.
topics; environments;	In regard to cryptography, the glossary spans public and private key encryption, digital signatures, zero knowledge proofs, trusted execution environments and other topics.
languages; Go;	For backend ETH protocol development, the kit notes languages such as Go, Rust, Java,.NET, C++ and Ruby.
languages; Rust;	For backend ETH protocol development, the kit notes languages such as Go, Rust, Java,.NET, C++ and Ruby.
languages; Java;	For backend ETH protocol development, the kit notes languages such as Go, Rust, Java,.NET, C++ and Ruby.
languages; .NET;	For backend ETH protocol development, the kit notes languages such as Go, Rust, Java,.NET, C++ and Ruby.
languages; C++;	For backend ETH protocol development, the kit notes languages such as Go, Rust, Java,.NET, C++ and Ruby.
languages; Ruby;	For backend ETH protocol development, the kit notes languages such as Go, Rust, Java,.NET, C++ and Ruby.
names; Nike;	Among them, we saw big industry names such as Nike, Disney, Facebook, Samsung, Fidelity, and other companies who want a share of the pie of a market that’s shaping up right in front of their eyes.
names; Disney;	Among them, we saw big industry names such as Nike, Disney, Facebook, Samsung, Fidelity, and other companies who want a share of the pie of a market that’s shaping up right in front of their eyes.
names; Facebook;	Among them, we saw big industry names such as Nike, Disney, Facebook, Samsung, Fidelity, and other companies who want a share of the pie of a market that’s shaping up right in front of their eyes.
names; Samsung;	Among them, we saw big industry names such as Nike, Disney, Facebook, Samsung, Fidelity, and other companies who want a share of the pie of a market that’s shaping up right in front of their eyes.
names; Fidelity;	Among them, we saw big industry names such as Nike, Disney, Facebook, Samsung, Fidelity, and other companies who want a share of the pie of a market that’s shaping up right in front of their eyes.
inflation-torn countries; Argentina;	In an attempt to store value, citizens of Argentina and other inflation-torn countries like Venezuela are turning to cryptocurrency to preserve their wealth.
all crypto-related activities; purchasing;	According to a statement from RBM Governor Dalitso Kabambe, all crypto-related activities including purchasing, selling, trading, or making transactions are to be made at the individual’s own risk because the government will not regulate or get involved with this industry.
all crypto-related activities; selling;	According to a statement from RBM Governor Dalitso Kabambe, all crypto-related activities including purchasing, selling, trading, or making transactions are to be made at the individual’s own risk because the government will not regulate or get involved with this industry.
all crypto-related activities; trading;	According to a statement from RBM Governor Dalitso Kabambe, all crypto-related activities including purchasing, selling, trading, or making transactions are to be made at the individual’s own risk because the government will not regulate or get involved with this industry.
cryptocurrencies; theft;	Furthermore, the governor also issued nationwide warnings about the risks associated with investing in cryptocurrencies, including theft from fraudulent activities and hacking, security breaches, and money laundering.
interested parties; the public;	He said his institution received a growing number of inquiries about cryptos from the public and other interested parties.
Cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	Cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin are decentralized and allow anyone to participate in the creation of new coins and maintaining the network through a process known as mining.
central banks; the Reserve;	The RBM joins a number of institutions and central banks such as the Reserve Bank of India that favor blockchain over bitcoin and its ilk.
progressive nations; Malta;	Africa has made a few important steps in the cryptocurrency space but it still has a long way to go before it catches up with crypto progressive nations such as Malta, Japan, and Switzerland.
progressive nations; Japan;	Africa has made a few important steps in the cryptocurrency space but it still has a long way to go before it catches up with crypto progressive nations such as Malta, Japan, and Switzerland.
Cryptocurrency; XRP;	One other reason is that Ripple at the moment is working with regulatory bodies across the globe to bring about regulatory clarity, thereby improving the adoption of Cryptocurrency especially XRP.
virtual assets; Bitcoin;	Yoni Assia, eToro CEO and Co-founder, recently shed light on aspects which held significance for major adoption of Bitcoin and other virtual assets as a whole.
different regions; Hong;	The organization is also focused on different regions including Hong Kong, Greater China and Asia as well.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	Trade Bitcoin, Litecoin and other cryptocurrencies on online Bitcoin forex broker platform evolve.markets.
various platforms; BigOne;	In last few days, Sun tweeted the upcoming listing of BTT on various platforms including BigOne exchange and kuCoin.
several metrics; the number;	DataLight, a data firm has provided information on several metrics including the number of confirmed transactions which bear striking resemblance to the pre-2017 bull run.
providers; Vodafone;	Major Indian telecom service providers including Vodafone Idea, Reliance Jio, and Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) are poised to roll out blockchain-powered solutions to tackle the widespread menace of spam calls and messages faced by more than a billion mobile phone users in India.
misleading means; websites;	“Pacheco engaged in a fraudulent pyramid scheme by soliciting IPro members through false and misleading means, including websites, promotional conferences, and in-person meetings, in which he touted the profit-making aspects of IPro’s iPN Compensation Plan, while at the same time diverting IPro funds for his own benefit.”
misleading means; promotional conferences;	“Pacheco engaged in a fraudulent pyramid scheme by soliciting IPro members through false and misleading means, including websites, promotional conferences, and in-person meetings, in which he touted the profit-making aspects of IPro’s iPN Compensation Plan, while at the same time diverting IPro funds for his own benefit.”
institutions; Bank;	“Financial institutions such as Bank of England and Royal Bank of Canada have also begun their research on how crypto could benefit fiat currency.
giants; Jaguar;	The city of Austin, Texas has already partnered with IOTA to improve the city’s transportation system, and IOTA has partnered with multiple automobile manufacturing giants such as Jaguar and Volkswagen.
giants; Volkswagen;	The city of Austin, Texas has already partnered with IOTA to improve the city’s transportation system, and IOTA has partnered with multiple automobile manufacturing giants such as Jaguar and Volkswagen.
real-time applications; services;	Data streaming services and other real-time applications become a real possibility with IOTA; use cases that are simply not feasible in other DLTs.
networks; Ethereum;	The issues that the network wants to solve are the same as the ones that other networks such as Ethereum (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC) are trying to solve: high fees, scaling, and centralization.
different investors; Michael;	Block.One has been purchasing 10 percent of its stock back from different investors, including Michael Novogratz.
financial services; payments;	The prospective digital token or platform would potentially aim to automate payments and other financial services in international trade transactions, according to an unnamed Mphasis executive.
virtual currencies; bitcoin;	Crypto thieves are now embedding Qulab, the information-stealing and clipboard hijacking Trojan in YouTube videos promoting a fake Bitcoin generator tool, in a bid to steal victims’ bitcoin and other virtual currencies, according to a report by BleepingComputer on May 29, 2019.
sensitive information; the digital assets;	The application’s sole aim is to steal the digital assets and other sensitive information by hijacking the computer’s clipboard.
data; crypto wallet;	Qulab stealthily monitors the victim’s Windows clipboard for copied data such as crypto wallet addresses and once it finds one, it quickly replaces it with the hackers’ wallet address and sends it to the fraudsters via Telegram.
addresses; bitcoin;	The researchers have revealed that Qulab Trojan supports a vast array of bitcoin and altcoin wallet addresses including bitcoin cash, dash, monero, stratis, litecoin and a host of others.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	With the price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies aiming for the moon once again, it has become essential for crypto hodlers to be extra careful in their dealings online.
different cryptocurrencies; BTC;	The website allows donation options in 19 different cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH and XRP.
different cryptocurrencies; ETH;	The website allows donation options in 19 different cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH and XRP.
different cryptocurrencies; XRP;	The website allows donation options in 19 different cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH and XRP.
smart contract; Ethereum;	As reported, Zether is a privacy-focused payment mechanism that is compatible with Ethereum and other smart contract platforms.
a major bank; JP;	demand – even by such a major bank as JP Morgan Chase.
crypto assets; litecoin;	Although the bitcoin price has increased by more than 135 percent year-to-date against the U.S. dollar and other crypto assets such as litecoin and EOS surpassed 200 percent in year-to-date gains, there exists a strong possibility that the rally continues before a correction occurs.
crypto assets; EOS;	Although the bitcoin price has increased by more than 135 percent year-to-date against the U.S. dollar and other crypto assets such as litecoin and EOS surpassed 200 percent in year-to-date gains, there exists a strong possibility that the rally continues before a correction occurs.
bullish factors; the upcoming bitcoin;	In an interview with Bloomberg, he points to three bullish factors including the upcoming bitcoin halving, the disappointment of tech IPOs, and the likes of Facebook and Fidelity embracing crypto.
Major players; Facebook;	Major players such as Facebook, J.P. Morgan, and Fidelity, are already involved in crypto.
Major players; J.P.;	Major players such as Facebook, J.P. Morgan, and Fidelity, are already involved in crypto.
IPOs; Uber;	Investors' disappointment with recent tech IPOs such as Uber and Lyft means that "people are looking for a different type of tech story" and "one that is accessible to all."
IPOs; Lyft;	Investors' disappointment with recent tech IPOs such as Uber and Lyft means that "people are looking for a different type of tech story" and "one that is accessible to all."
March; evidence;	In the white paper, Bitwise reiterated the main points from the presentation released in March, including evidence that almost 95% of reported trading volumes in bitcoin by exchanges are fake or non-economic in nature.
data; the website;	The research also cites data from popular crypto analytics website CoinMarketCap, arguing that the volume numbers reported by the website and other data aggregators in the industry are “surprising because they are wrong.” Bitwise state that CoinMarketCap data are “wildly inflated” by a mix of fake volume and wash trading that “dramatically skews the public’s view of the bitcoin market in a negative way.”
specific exchanges; OKEx;	Bitwise’s report was titled ‘Economic and Non-Economic trading in Bitcoin: Exploring the real spot market for the world’s first digital commodity.’ The report picked out specific exchanges such as OKEx, stating,
specific exchanges; stating;	Bitwise’s report was titled ‘Economic and Non-Economic trading in Bitcoin: Exploring the real spot market for the world’s first digital commodity.’ The report picked out specific exchanges such as OKEx, stating,
exchanges; Bitstamp;	The Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC), experiencing a renaissance of its own in the current bull market, currently trades with an implied Bitcoin price of $11,440 – a full 34 percent higher than Bitstamp and other exchanges.
companies; Uber;	By CCN: Jason Calacanis, a prominent Silicon Valley investor who has helped companies such as Uber and Robinhood to secure multi-billion dollar valuations, has said the bitcoin price is likely to drop to $0 to $500 in the long-term.
companies; Robinhood;	By CCN: Jason Calacanis, a prominent Silicon Valley investor who has helped companies such as Uber and Robinhood to secure multi-billion dollar valuations, has said the bitcoin price is likely to drop to $0 to $500 in the long-term.
executives; Xapo;	Hence, as said by other industry executives such as Xapo CEO Wences Casares, for both retail investors and large funds, it would be safe to hold a portion of a portfolio that could be lost in an unlikely scenario that bitcoin struggles over the long run.
all cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Ripple XRP recorded above $128 Billion market cap, with a relative price of $3.3 in January 2019, before the devastating bear market of 2018 that left negative impact on all cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC).
partnerships; the one;	Despite partnerships such as the one with Brazil’s Front Exchange, Ripple’s XRP seemed to be sluggish.
date; Liquid;	Founded by Adam Back, a well-respected computer scientist and cryptographer cited in the Bitcoin whitepaper, Blockstream has developed a number of products to date, including Liquid, a tokenized platform for Bitcoin.
date; a tokenized platform;	Founded by Adam Back, a well-respected computer scientist and cryptographer cited in the Bitcoin whitepaper, Blockstream has developed a number of products to date, including Liquid, a tokenized platform for Bitcoin.
outlets; YouTube;	The platform has lost its dominance in the US teen market as numbers dwindle in favour of alternative social media outlets such as YouTube and Snapchat.
outlets; Snapchat;	The platform has lost its dominance in the US teen market as numbers dwindle in favour of alternative social media outlets such as YouTube and Snapchat.
virtual coins; Bitcoin;	As many researches have shown earlier, elderly people (from the Baby Boom generation) are the smallest group to make cryptocurrency investments, let alone understand how Bitcoin and other virtual coins work.
low income; teens;	The study states that currently the growing dominant group of Facebook users are households with low income, including teens.
similar assets; Bitcoin;	As per the research, adult US population believes Facebook’s GlobalCoin to be an even more attractive investment than Bitcoin, XRP and other similar assets.
similar assets; XRP;	As per the research, adult US population believes Facebook’s GlobalCoin to be an even more attractive investment than Bitcoin, XRP and other similar assets.
several states; New;	In the United States and elsewhere this can mean numerous rounds of registrations – several states, including New York, have their own crypto regulations.
regulated products; ETFs;	The volume that happens on CoinBene is precisely the kind that makes regulators wary of crypto ETFs and other regulated products.
major exchanges; Cryptopia;	This year alone,  hackers have stolen more than $1 billion, hitting major exchanges such as Cryptopia, Bithumb, and even Binance.
major exchanges; Bithumb;	This year alone,  hackers have stolen more than $1 billion, hitting major exchanges such as Cryptopia, Bithumb, and even Binance.
digital currencies; money;	Finance ministers and central bankers from the bloc will discuss challenges surrounding digital currencies, including money laundering and customer protection, at a meeting in the Japanese city of Fukuoka, Japan, in early June.
variables; temperature;	Integrating Internet of Things and sensor data, the platform is capable of tracking containers, as well as a number of variables such as temperature control and container weight.
suppliers; Maersk;	The project reportedly includes over 20 governments, as well as major shippers and supply chain suppliers including Maersk, Hitachi and Mercy Corps, among others.
suppliers; Hitachi;	The project reportedly includes over 20 governments, as well as major shippers and supply chain suppliers including Maersk, Hitachi and Mercy Corps, among others.
suppliers; Mercy;	The project reportedly includes over 20 governments, as well as major shippers and supply chain suppliers including Maersk, Hitachi and Mercy Corps, among others.
members; the US;	TradeLens boasts several customs members including the US Customs and Border Protection, Canada Border Services Agency and the Customs Administration of the Netherlands.
moves; JPMorgan;	Moreover moves such as JPMorgan’s JPM Coin and telecoms provider AT&T now accepting Bitcoin for payments by using BitPay.
decentralised cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	China is one place that has gone full blockchain but has denied anything to Bitcoin and other decentralised cryptocurrencies, however, there is still evidence of things like Bitcoin benefiting from blockchain advancements.
firms; JPMorgan;	This includes firms such as JPMorgan, Fidelity, AT&T, Facebook and Square that have either developed crypto-related products or are beginning to accept cryptocurrencies.
firms; Fidelity;	This includes firms such as JPMorgan, Fidelity, AT&T, Facebook and Square that have either developed crypto-related products or are beginning to accept cryptocurrencies.
firms; AT;	This includes firms such as JPMorgan, Fidelity, AT&T, Facebook and Square that have either developed crypto-related products or are beginning to accept cryptocurrencies.
corporations; Facebook;	The business interest and endorsement of cryptocurrencies that Singh was referring to come from established mainstream corporations including Facebook, Fidelity Investments, AT&T, and JP Morgan.
corporations; Fidelity;	The business interest and endorsement of cryptocurrencies that Singh was referring to come from established mainstream corporations including Facebook, Fidelity Investments, AT&T, and JP Morgan.
factors; the set;	The blog post by Binance noted that with regard to cryptocurrency markets, leverage ratios can vary from 2:1 to 100:1 based on factors such as the set of trading rules determined by the respective exchange and the digital currency being traded.
entities; Microsoft;	Ethereum has been seeing acceptance from some established entities, including Microsoft and Amazon.
entities; Amazon;	Ethereum has been seeing acceptance from some established entities, including Microsoft and Amazon.
assets; Ethereum;	Major crypto assets such as Ethereum, Litecoin, and EOS have seen gains above 100 percent year-to-date, with Binance Coin, the seventh most valuable crypto asset in the global market, recording a staggering 437 percent gain against the USD.
assets; Litecoin;	Major crypto assets such as Ethereum, Litecoin, and EOS have seen gains above 100 percent year-to-date, with Binance Coin, the seventh most valuable crypto asset in the global market, recording a staggering 437 percent gain against the USD.
institutional participants; exchanges;	Ripple, which owns more than half of the total supply of all XRP in existence, routinely moves its holdings in and out of escrow in order to sell portions of its assets to crypto exchanges and other institutional participants.
digital assets; bitcoin;	The announcement might have played a key role in determining IOTA’s bullish bias on the day when the majority of digital assets, including bitcoin, were seen plunging.
others; Kik;	To help support this case against the SEC, Kik launched a website called DefendCrypto.org, which urges people to support Kik in its case against the SEC by donating cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), XRP, and others, including Kik’s Kin (KIN) token.
events; the business;	Popo Chen, the Founder of crypto exchange COBINHOOD, which launched in December 2017, has released a statement responding to recent accusations of mishandling of the business and other events, the letter can be found in full below (unedited):
skeptical take; @ _Dumb_Genius;	Others agreed with Silvestro’s skeptical take, including @_Dumb_Genius, who wrote:
the wrong reasons; proclaiming;	For a while now, Wright has been in the news for all the wrong reasons including proclaiming that he is the real Satoshi Nakamoto or supposedly giving the court a BTC address he didn’t own, in the ongoing Kleiman V. Wright.
numerous people; podcaster;	He’s currently suing numerous people, including podcaster Dr Peter McCormack for 100,000 pounds, which McCormack claims could cost him up to 750,000 pounds to defend in court.
native iOS; Safari;	The EOSIO Reference iOS Authenticator App is purportedly designed to enable users to sign in and approve transactions from web applications running in Mobile Safari and other native iOS apps on the same device.
American institutions; market;	Currently available to selected partners, Salesforce Blockchain platform has reportedly been implemented by American institutions, including market intelligence firm S&P Global, leading global provider of advanced analytics IQVIA, and Arizona State University.
technology; firms;	As we move through 2019, more and more companies are delving into blockchain technology, including firms like Ernst & Young, Microsoft, Amazon, IBM, and more.
leaders; Binance;	Cred is backed by industry leaders such as Binance Labs, Arrington XRP Capital, Blocktower, and FBG Capital.
prominent investors; Binance;	Cred is supported by the most prominent investors including Binance Labs and Arrington XRP Capital.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Abra’s decision will increase the usage of cryptocurrencies especially Bitcoin across the globe.
technology; bitcoin;	We believe that cryptocurrency technology such as bitcoin can serve as a new platform to solve these problems of access and trust.”
global markets; Tesla;	“Fractional amounts of valuable stocks from global markets such as Tesla, Uber, Alibaba, and Facebook – as well as ETFs like the gold SPDR, and indexes like the S&P 500 are now available to investors in over 150 countries.”
global markets; Uber;	“Fractional amounts of valuable stocks from global markets such as Tesla, Uber, Alibaba, and Facebook – as well as ETFs like the gold SPDR, and indexes like the S&P 500 are now available to investors in over 150 countries.”
global markets; Alibaba;	“Fractional amounts of valuable stocks from global markets such as Tesla, Uber, Alibaba, and Facebook – as well as ETFs like the gold SPDR, and indexes like the S&P 500 are now available to investors in over 150 countries.”
companies; Uber;	As of the time of writing, Abra was allowing users to invest in several high profile companies such as Uber, Tesla, Google, and Amazon.
companies; Tesla;	As of the time of writing, Abra was allowing users to invest in several high profile companies such as Uber, Tesla, Google, and Amazon.
companies; Google;	As of the time of writing, Abra was allowing users to invest in several high profile companies such as Uber, Tesla, Google, and Amazon.
cryptos; Bitcoin;	“Venezuelans are using Abra Global to buy Bitcoin and other cryptos as well as invest in US stocks and ETFs via Bitcoin.”
cryptos; Bitcoin;	Venezuelans are using @AbraGlobal to buy Bitcoin and other cryptos as well as invest in US stocks and ETFs via Bitcoin @OsloFF.
virtual currencies; Bitcoin;	Therefore, Bitcoin and other virtual currencies come as a savior for Venezuelans.
traditional investments; stocks;	stocks and other traditional investments.
the others; Xinjiang;	The province is one of the major Chinese sites favorable for cryptocurrency mining, with the others including Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia and Yunnan.
the others; Inner;	The province is one of the major Chinese sites favorable for cryptocurrency mining, with the others including Xinjiang, Inner Mongolia and Yunnan.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	 , the summer rainy season is approaching in China’s Aba and Garze counties, and local mining farm operators are planning to take advantage of cheap electricity rates - in order to profitably mine Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
angel investors; Labs;	The crypto startup has received funding worth half-a-million dollars from Ethereum Classic Labs, MIT Play Labs and other angel investors.
institutions; Greyscale;	With the upcoming Bitcoin halving looking to cut supply down by, well, half, and institutions such as Greyscale FOMO-ing Bitcoin like never before, the #1 is running low on supply, and this couldn’t be more bullish…
safe haven assets; gold;	The scarce nature of Bitcoin (BTC) provides its comparison with safe haven assets such as gold; BTC is as rare, arguably rarer, than the precious metal, and doubly as useful; Institutions, it seems, are starting to notice.
ventures; Fidelity;	Moreover, this doesn’t even take into account ventures such as Fidelity, and Bakkt who haven’t fully started their own crypto ventures yet.
various cryptocurrencies; BTC;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
various cryptocurrencies; BCH;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
various cryptocurrencies; ETH;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
various cryptocurrencies; ADA;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
various cryptocurrencies; NEO;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
various cryptocurrencies; XMR;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
various cryptocurrencies; LTC;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
various cryptocurrencies; DOGE;	Per analysis conducted by Fumko, the malware can detect addresses from various cryptocurrencies, including BTC, BCH, ETH, ADA, NEO, XMR, LTC, DOGE, and more.
cryptocurrencies; fiat money;	He opined about the shortcomings of fiat money and other cryptocurrencies, further explaining:
an exchange; Binance;	It can be moved between wallets but it won’t trade on an exchange such as Binance because it lacks any value against other cryptocurrencies.
XRP; this time;	Experts are beginning to see the innate feature of Ripple’s XRP especially this time that the digital asset is showing signs of bullishness in the market.
popular digital assets; Bitcoin;	The list of these features includes margin trading for Bitcoin and other popular digital assets.
top coins; Bitcoin;	For example, withdrawing top coins such as Bitcoin (BTC) attract a 0.001 fee while Ethereum (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC), have a fee of 0.01 each.
tools; volume;	However, both options provide enough market analysis tools such as volume and candlestick charts.
tools; candlestick;	However, both options provide enough market analysis tools such as volume and candlestick charts.
crypto-only platforms; Binance;	This has placed the company in a different position to crypto-only platforms such as Binance, Choi says, which continues to drop details of its forthcoming decentralized exchange launch.
crypto-only platforms; Choi;	This has placed the company in a different position to crypto-only platforms such as Binance, Choi says, which continues to drop details of its forthcoming decentralized exchange launch.
congressmen; Trey;	A group of seven congressmen, including Trey Hollingsworth, Darren Soto, Bill Foster, Tom Emmer, Ted Budd, Josh Gottheimer, and David Schweikert, has submitted a request to hold a forum on blockchain technology.
issues; acceptable methods;	The instruction will specifically cover issues such as acceptable methods for calculation cost basis, cost basis assignment; and tax treatment of forks.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Crypto whale watchers have consistently monitored the flow of Ripple XRP and other cryptocurrencies, especially Bitcoin, within the ecosystem.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	By CCN: Leading Bitcoin SV proponent Calvin Ayre has warned that the demise of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is imminent.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Speaking to Bloomberg, Ayre stated that if BSV’s scaling plans materialize other cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin will be rendered irrelevant:
a halving; a bull;	The analyst stated that Bitcoin goes through several phases running up to a halving, including a bull market, bear market, an accumulation, expansion, and reaccumulation before circling around to a bull market once again:
cryptocurrency; Bitcoin;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrency; Litecoin;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrency; Dogecoin;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrency; Ethereum;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	“Capitalize when referring to Bitcoin and other currencies as a system, but lowercase when referring to their use as payment: The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	“Capitalize when referring to Bitcoin and other currencies as a system, but lowercase when referring to their use as payment: The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	“The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	“The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Capitalize when referring to Bitcoin and other currencies as a system, but lowercase when referring to their use as payment: The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	Capitalize when referring to Bitcoin and other currencies as a system, but lowercase when referring to their use as payment: The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrency; Bitcoin;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrency; Litecoin;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrency; Dogecoin;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrency; Ethereum;	“We have a new entry on cryptocurrency, including Bitcoin, Litecoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	“Capitalize when referring to Bitcoin and other currencies as a system, but lowercase when referring to their use as payment: ‘The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; Ethereum;	“Capitalize when referring to Bitcoin and other currencies as a system, but lowercase when referring to their use as payment: ‘The government wants to regulate Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies.
unfortunate incidents; hacks;	Binance DEX has generated a significant amount of interest from the cryptocurrency community as it looks to do away with the cons of centralized exchanges that have, on numerous occasions, resulted in hacks and other unfortunate incidents.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Markets.Bitcoin.com, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH, and other coins, on our market charts at Markets.Bitcoin.com, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
various useful features; “ off-the-shelf ”;	According to Burns, the 0x Launch Kit is a “definitive resource for building a crypto market” as it includes various useful features such as “off-the-shelf” React UIs.
individuals; exchanges;	The post also advises exchanges and other individuals or groups using Neo tools to upgrade their client to v2.10.2, the version all mainnet consensus nodes will be on after the update, in order to avoid any transaction losses due to the new network fee protocols.
applications; YouTube;	In the future, we'd like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
applications; Alipay;	In the future, we'd like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	Eleesa Dadiani launched Maecenaslast year, which uses the Ethereum blockchain to sell fine art for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
digital currencies; bitcoin;	The firm made news last year when it put 49% of Andy Warhol’s 1980 work "14 Small Electric Chairs" up for sale for bitcoin and other digital currencies.
cryptoassets; Bitcoin;	As Forbes is writing, Dadiani Syndicate became famous last year when they auctioned 49% of American artist Andy Warhol’s artwork “14 Small Electric Chairs” for Bitcoin and other cryptoassets.
Law; cases;	Lastly, the ASIC also noted that Know Your Client and Anti-Money Laundering norms apply to crypto assets, as does the Australian Consumer Law, including cases when the assets are issued or managed from abroad.
signallers; momentum;	Other signallers such as momentum oscillators, volume profile indicators, and money flow indexes should also supplement your analyses.
some exchanges; LakeBTC;	On some exchanges such as LakeBTC, the currency had already hit the $9,000 mark.
some exchanges; the currency;	On some exchanges such as LakeBTC, the currency had already hit the $9,000 mark.
means; collection;	“A decentralized internet would create a scenario where some of those profits, from ads sales, data collection and other means, are shared back to people who opt in to big companies’ business models.”
services; general storage;	The project plans to utilize the BTT in more utility cases beyond the current sharing of bandwidth, expanding access to more services including general storage, computation, and resource availability...
services; computation;	The project plans to utilize the BTT in more utility cases beyond the current sharing of bandwidth, expanding access to more services including general storage, computation, and resource availability...
additional capabilities; purchasing;	Usage will be extended to additional capabilities including purchasing content, tipping live streaming performers, and crowdfunding the creation of new works."
risks; exchange;	The proposed amendments to Japan’s financial instruments and payment services laws will ostensibly tighten cryptocurrency regulation in a bid to promote user protection, more robustly regulate crypto derivatives trading, mitigate industry risks such as exchange hacks and broadly establish a more transparent regulatory framework for the new asset class.
terms; cryptocurrencies;	Earlier this month, Cointelegraph reported that Russia was postponing the adoption of crypto regulation due to a requirement from the Financial Action Task Force that it expand the terminology of a federal bill to legislate major industry terms such as cryptocurrencies and bitcoin (BTC).
terms; bitcoin;	Earlier this month, Cointelegraph reported that Russia was postponing the adoption of crypto regulation due to a requirement from the Financial Action Task Force that it expand the terminology of a federal bill to legislate major industry terms such as cryptocurrencies and bitcoin (BTC).
countries; Brazil;	Earlier this month, Coinbase launched a crypto expansion into 50 countries including Brazil, Ecuador, Namibia and Mongolia.
countries; Ecuador;	Earlier this month, Coinbase launched a crypto expansion into 50 countries including Brazil, Ecuador, Namibia and Mongolia.
countries; Namibia;	Earlier this month, Coinbase launched a crypto expansion into 50 countries including Brazil, Ecuador, Namibia and Mongolia.
countries; Mongolia;	Earlier this month, Coinbase launched a crypto expansion into 50 countries including Brazil, Ecuador, Namibia and Mongolia.
Coinbase; a whole host;	During the last nine months, more than 15 new coins have been added to Coinbase, including a whole host of stablecoins as well as use-case specific tokens.
several different stakeholders; management;	Optimism surrounding the reimbursement of these funds to customers is now dwindling, as appointed auditing and liquidation firm Grant Thornton recently indicated “the process of recovering data and determining how to make distributions to account holders will take some months at least.” With similarly guarded language, Grant Thornton executive David Ruscoe commented via a press release that his firm “will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
several different stakeholders; shareholders;	Optimism surrounding the reimbursement of these funds to customers is now dwindling, as appointed auditing and liquidation firm Grant Thornton recently indicated “the process of recovering data and determining how to make distributions to account holders will take some months at least.” With similarly guarded language, Grant Thornton executive David Ruscoe commented via a press release that his firm “will conduct a thorough investigation, working with several different stakeholders including management and shareholders, to find the solution that is in the best interests of customers and stakeholders.”
weak points; the centralized model;	The Cryptopia saga has pulled back the curtains on many of cryptocurrency’s weak points, especially the centralized model relied upon to build momentum for the bull markets today and in the past, and one that is still used.
stakeholders; customers;	However, trade volumes were insufficient for the company to meet its debts as they fell due and it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
stakeholders; staff;	However, trade volumes were insufficient for the company to meet its debts as they fell due and it was decided the appointment of liquidators was in the best interests of customers, staff and other stakeholders.
pain; Cardano;	There is no escape and several are in double digit pain including Cardano, Tron, IOTA, and Tezos.
pain; Tron;	There is no escape and several are in double digit pain including Cardano, Tron, IOTA, and Tezos.
pain; IOTA;	There is no escape and several are in double digit pain including Cardano, Tron, IOTA, and Tezos.
money; illegal money;	“Binance, Bitfinex, and Tether use Bitcoin [BTC] to fund fund illegal operations for pumping money such as illegal money travel, illegal use of people smuggling.”
USD; Bitfinex;	Binance's BTC/USDT pair followed shortly after Bitfinex, Coinbase and other USD pairs.
USD; Coinbase;	Binance's BTC/USDT pair followed shortly after Bitfinex, Coinbase and other USD pairs.
the community; well-known influencers;	This, in turn, had the community rejoicing the coin’s achievement, as several members in the community, including well-known influencers like Charlie Lee, greeted this new level by posting the Vegeta’s GIF once again after over a year.
a digital asset; XRP;	“…We’re also seeing increased demand for instant payments and are looking forward to the day when using a digital asset such as XRP to source on-demand liquidity during transactions on RippleNet, will be as simple as using credit cards nowadays.”
much-needed items; screens;	“Binance for Children project would provide a brighter future for 100,000 children Safe Future will be responsible for project implementation and will ensure the delivery of  meals (breakfast and lunch), solar panels, sanitary pads, school supplies, LED screens, and other much-needed items to 160 schools in Uganda.
related criminal activities; laundering;	Their highly volatile nature is said to be the main reason, as well as the negative stigma that they’re heavily related to money laundering and other related criminal activities.
market; Jimmy;	Bitcoin [BTC], the king of the crypto-space, crossed the $8,500 mark again today and the upward movement was praised by many crypto-enthusiasts and big names in the crypto market, including Jimmy Song.
alternative currencies; the number;	It remains to be seen if users will now flock to such alternative currencies as the number of Bitcoin mixing services continues to decline.
updates; EIP-161;	 (last year), noted that Atlantis Ethereum Classic Improvement Proposal (ECIP-1054) consists of a subset of updates including EIP-161.
countries; USA;	The notification from Binance.org states that IP addresses coming from 28 countries including USA will not be able to make use of Binance.org as of July 1 2019.
blockchain-powered products; dApps;	He also mentioned that it’s important to understand how distributed ledger technology (DLT) can be applied to solve real-world problems, instead of just launching dApps and other blockchain-powered products for the sole purpose of making quick profits.
a public place; a cafe;	When trading with cash, LocalEthereum recommends meeting in a public place such as a cafe.
media; community;	We’ve had a lot of questions from our community and other media outlets as to why @Bloomberg reported on Voice before our #B1June event.
journalists; the company;	He also accused the popular news portal of “causing material damage” to the company, community, and other journalists that were offered the story under the same terms.
journalists; community;	He also accused the popular news portal of “causing material damage” to the company, community, and other journalists that were offered the story under the same terms.
assets; currency;	He referenced a list charting the Futures contracts from a host of assets, including currency, commodity, and grains.
assets; commodity;	He referenced a list charting the Futures contracts from a host of assets, including currency, commodity, and grains.
tradable assets; stocks;	According to Fundstrat’s head of research Tom Lee, the performance of Bitcoin also shows that the asset is not correlated with stocks and other tradable assets.
several reasons; the trade;	Stocks suffered due to several reasons such as the trade war between China and the U.S which has gone to an advanced stage now, but it has become obvious that these factors do not affect the performance of Bitcoin because it is not subject to political control.
cryptocurrencies; dollars;	It allows users to check balances and transfer dollars, euros, XRP, and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; euros;	It allows users to check balances and transfer dollars, euros, XRP, and other cryptocurrencies.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	It allows users to check balances and transfer dollars, euros, XRP, and other cryptocurrencies.
trades; Dether;	Several other platforms offer in-person cash trades, including Dether, Paxful, and Mycelium, though users have reported that it can be difficult to find traders on these platforms.
trades; Paxful;	Several other platforms offer in-person cash trades, including Dether, Paxful, and Mycelium, though users have reported that it can be difficult to find traders on these platforms.
countries; India;	https://t.co/gojdikG9gd has hidden or deleted all local cash offers in India and other countries #bitcoin #localbitcoins pic.twitter.com/3Q4JwAwooH
cryptocurrency; LocalBitcoins;	Given this fact, to continue operating LocalBitcoins and other cryptocurrency trading platforms should comply with AML requirements.
controversy; the likes;	Crypto exchanges continue to come under scrutiny after several other platforms were the target of KYC controversy including the likes of KuCoin and HitBTC.
network; the launch;	At around the same time, Block.One announced several important updates on the EOS network, including the launch of the new social media platform, Voice.
stablecoins; USD;	Towards the end of last year and the beginning of this one, Tether’s competition heated up with the launch of various other stablecoins, including USD Coin (USDC), TrueUSD (TUSD), PAX, and Gemini dollar (GUSD) – all launched exclusively on Ethereum.
goliaths; Facebook;	With non-financial businesses placing their bets on a crypto-powered future, goliaths such as Facebook, Nike and Microsoft are in the race to register patents and trademarks to lead the crypto-era.
goliaths; Nike;	With non-financial businesses placing their bets on a crypto-powered future, goliaths such as Facebook, Nike and Microsoft are in the race to register patents and trademarks to lead the crypto-era.
goliaths; Microsoft;	With non-financial businesses placing their bets on a crypto-powered future, goliaths such as Facebook, Nike and Microsoft are in the race to register patents and trademarks to lead the crypto-era.
the world; India;	While Facebook’s stablecoin initiative managed to get the green light in its initial stages, the crypto-verse’s spread was crippled by tremendous resistance from key markets of the world, including India and China.
the world; China;	While Facebook’s stablecoin initiative managed to get the green light in its initial stages, the crypto-verse’s spread was crippled by tremendous resistance from key markets of the world, including India and China.
countries; Venezuela;	In a more surprising turn of events, countries such as Venezuela have started accepting crypto to survive the fiat economic collapse.
networks; Western;	The company is also including existing money transfer networks such as Western Union in its talk in order to allow people without bank accounts to be able to send money faster.
cryptocurrencies; the fact;	As Bitcoinist recently reported, Facebook is a million miles away from some of the main concepts behind cryptocurrencies, including the fact that they are supposed to be a mathematically secure, disruptive, peer-to-peer technology acting as a decentralized form of finance.
Issues; a lack;	Issues such as a lack of access to stable banking and the high cost of currency exchange and remittances for migrant workers sending funds back home all contribute to perpetuating existing inequalities.
everyday essentials; food;	It lost more than a third of its value against the United States dollar, and as a result, already hard-pressed consumers were confronted with higher prices for everyday essentials such as food and housing.
everyday essentials; housing;	It lost more than a third of its value against the United States dollar, and as a result, already hard-pressed consumers were confronted with higher prices for everyday essentials such as food and housing.
trading; the Chinese renminbi;	A broad range of fiat currencies are currently accepted on OKEx for customer-to-customer (c2c) trading, including the Chinese renminbi, British pound, Vietnamese dong, Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Thai baht and the euro.
trading; British pound;	A broad range of fiat currencies are currently accepted on OKEx for customer-to-customer (c2c) trading, including the Chinese renminbi, British pound, Vietnamese dong, Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Thai baht and the euro.
trading; Vietnamese dong;	A broad range of fiat currencies are currently accepted on OKEx for customer-to-customer (c2c) trading, including the Chinese renminbi, British pound, Vietnamese dong, Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Thai baht and the euro.
trading; Russian;	A broad range of fiat currencies are currently accepted on OKEx for customer-to-customer (c2c) trading, including the Chinese renminbi, British pound, Vietnamese dong, Russian ruble, Turkish lira, Thai baht and the euro.
Stablecoins; tether;	Stablecoins such as tether, which are pegged to the U.S. dollar, can also help shield holders against the erratic rises and falls that are all too often associated with the likes of bitcoin.
popular shops; Foods;	What’s interesting is that many more retailers are allowing crypto payments through the introduction of companies like Flexa, which has already partnered with the likes of Jamba Juice, Nordstrom, Whole Foods and other popular shops.
coins; bitcoin;	XRP stood strong and maintained stability in the middle of other trailing coins including bitcoin.
some experts; Bitspark;	Although ripple emerged as the best solution for fast and cost-effective cross-border payments, some experts such as Bitspark head George Harrap feels bitcoin better and is more prevalent among companies.
major American pharmaceutical companies; Pfizer;	By joining the consortium, Walmart has followed four major American pharmaceutical companies including Pfizer Inc., which joined MediLedger in early May, to collaborate on the development of a blockchain network for the health and pharmaceutical industry.
autonomous electronic devices; drones;	The global retail giant applied to the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office to acquire a patent of blockchain-powered product delivery system implementing autonomous electronic devices including drones and autonomous robots in 2018.
autonomous electronic devices; autonomous robots;	The global retail giant applied to the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office to acquire a patent of blockchain-powered product delivery system implementing autonomous electronic devices including drones and autonomous robots in 2018.
issues; blockchain;	Recently, a senior executive at Pfizer argued that the major obstacle for global adoption of blockchain applications is not caused by technology issues such as blockchain’s much-discussed scalability problem.
pharmaceutical wholesalers; McKesson;	Currently, MediLedger’s members include large US pharmaceutical wholesalers such as McKesson, AmerisourceBergen, and Cardinal Health, as well as the pharmaceutical manufacturing giant, Pfizer.
pharmaceutical wholesalers; AmerisourceBergen;	Currently, MediLedger’s members include large US pharmaceutical wholesalers such as McKesson, AmerisourceBergen, and Cardinal Health, as well as the pharmaceutical manufacturing giant, Pfizer.
restricted countries; States;	The press release notes that Ethfinex Trustless OTC has no Know Your Customer (KYC) or signup process, but that people residing in the United States and other restricted countries are not permitted access to the service.
countries; the U.S;	As Cointelegraph reported yesterday, the decentralized exchange (DEX) developed by major cryptocurrency exchange Binance will block website access to users based in 29 countries, including the U.S.
major currencies; Bitcoin;	Bitfinex is one of the leading crypto exchanges for major currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, XRP, NEO and Monero.
major currencies; Ethereum;	Bitfinex is one of the leading crypto exchanges for major currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, XRP, NEO and Monero.
major currencies; EOS;	Bitfinex is one of the leading crypto exchanges for major currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, XRP, NEO and Monero.
major currencies; Litecoin;	Bitfinex is one of the leading crypto exchanges for major currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, XRP, NEO and Monero.
major currencies; XRP;	Bitfinex is one of the leading crypto exchanges for major currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, XRP, NEO and Monero.
major currencies; NEO;	Bitfinex is one of the leading crypto exchanges for major currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, XRP, NEO and Monero.
major currencies; Monero;	Bitfinex is one of the leading crypto exchanges for major currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, EOS, Litecoin, XRP, NEO and Monero.
countries; USA;	Binance DEX set to block 28 countries including USA from 1 July 2019
the DEX; the U.S;	A message told traders with IP addresses located in 29 countries that they were unable to access the DEX, including the U.S.
countries; the U.S.;	He explained that the geoblock of users from 29 countries including the U.S. and Venezuela only applies to a single website in www.binance.org, and he also clarified that Binance DEX itself is not blocking users based on their location.
countries; Venezuela;	He explained that the geoblock of users from 29 countries including the U.S. and Venezuela only applies to a single website in www.binance.org, and he also clarified that Binance DEX itself is not blocking users based on their location.
protective measures; insurance;	However, it would also mean that investors are not exposed to insurance and other protective measures provided by major centralized exchanges.
notable coins; Bitcoin;	The present market situation is nothing to write home about as Bitcoin and other notable coins are deeply in red.
digital assets; cryptocurrencies;	PDAX says it is working closely with regulators “to ensure the safe and secure buying and selling of cryptocurrencies and other digital assets at the best price on the market.”
P2P; remittances;	For the purpose of addressing the inefficiencies in the traditional banking establishment, the local centralized trading platform was previously reported to be involved in creating solutions to enable lower costs and facilitating faster processing for remittances and other P2P payments.
tokens; Bitcoin;	Conceived in 2017, PDAX enables trading of Philippine Peso with digital currencies and tokens, including Bitcoin [BTC], Ethereum [ETH, Ripple [XRP], Litecoin [LTC], among others.
several stable coins; TUSD;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; USDC;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; USDS;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; USDT;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
standards; Bitfinex;	While Binance’s new stablecoin is very much in its early days, it’s clear that investors hoping to store their assets without volatility are about to gain a significant alternative to the current stablecoin standards, including Bitfinex’s controversial stablecoin, Tether (USDT).
several stable coins; TUSD;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; USDC;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; USDS;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
several stable coins; USDT;	At the time of this writing, Binance supports several stable coins, including TUSD, USDC, USDS, USDT, and PAX.
major financial firms; the likes;	According to the Wall Street Journal, 14 major financial firms, including the likes of Barclays, Nasdaq, Credit Suisse Group, Banco Santander, ING, and Lloyds Banking Group, led by UBS group AG, have decided to come together to launch a blockchain-based platform where they would utilize a “Bitcoin-like” token to settle cross-border trading across the globe.
non-financial institutions; banking;	However, all is not rosy for banking and other non-financial institutions in the space.
players; Barclays;	The project includes prominent industry players such as Barclays, Nasdaq, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Banco Santander, Lloyds Banking Group, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp., Credit Suisse Group AG, ING Groep NV, State Street Bank & Trust Co., Commerzbank AG, and KBC Group NV.
players; Nasdaq;	The project includes prominent industry players such as Barclays, Nasdaq, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Banco Santander, Lloyds Banking Group, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp., Credit Suisse Group AG, ING Groep NV, State Street Bank & Trust Co., Commerzbank AG, and KBC Group NV.
players; Bank;	The project includes prominent industry players such as Barclays, Nasdaq, Bank of New York Mellon Corp., Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Banco Santander, Lloyds Banking Group, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp., Credit Suisse Group AG, ING Groep NV, State Street Bank & Trust Co., Commerzbank AG, and KBC Group NV.
the financial world; International;	Ripple CEO, Brad Garlinghouse, has talked to insiders from the financial world, including International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde, about how Ripple could be be considered as SWIFT 2.0.
the world; the United;	Several banks around the world, including the United States, Japan and Europe, created a consortium in order to work on a cryptocurrency for cross-border transfers.
need; the homeless;	As the press release notes, GLIDE focuses on fighting injustice and inequality on behalf of economically deprived and oppressed communities in need, including the homeless, those from ethnic minorities or of LGBTQ orientation.
overcome barriers; homelessness;	In her own statement, Karen Hanrahan, CEO and president of GLIDE, underscored that 100% of Sun’s contribution would be used “to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
overcome barriers; addiction;	In her own statement, Karen Hanrahan, CEO and president of GLIDE, underscored that 100% of Sun’s contribution would be used “to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
overcome barriers; hunger;	In her own statement, Karen Hanrahan, CEO and president of GLIDE, underscored that 100% of Sun’s contribution would be used “to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
overcome barriers; social isolation;	In her own statement, Karen Hanrahan, CEO and president of GLIDE, underscored that 100% of Sun’s contribution would be used “to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
members; Coinbase;	The offer — alongside other similar offers from industry members such as Coinbase and QKC — was gratefully acknowledged but declined by Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao .
members; QKC;	The offer — alongside other similar offers from industry members such as Coinbase and QKC — was gratefully acknowledged but declined by Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao .
oppressed communities; the homeless;	All proceeds from the auction go to the San Francisco-based GLIDE Foundation, which fights injustice and inequality on behalf of economically deprived and oppressed communities, including the homeless, those from ethnic minorities, and of LGBTQ orientation.
the meeting; Binance;	Already, Morgan Creek Co-Founder Anthony Pompliano in a tweet listed some key personalities he would take to the meeting, including Binance CEO Changpeng Zhao, and Hester Pierce, the SEC commissioner popularly known as Crypto Mom.
essential programs; free meals;	The organization provides essential programs, including free meals, violence intervention, childcare and early education for low-income families.
essential programs; violence;	The organization provides essential programs, including free meals, violence intervention, childcare and early education for low-income families.
overcome barriers; homelessness;	“All of the proceeds of this record-breaking winning bid will be used to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
overcome barriers; addiction;	“All of the proceeds of this record-breaking winning bid will be used to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
overcome barriers; hunger;	“All of the proceeds of this record-breaking winning bid will be used to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
overcome barriers; social isolation;	“All of the proceeds of this record-breaking winning bid will be used to help people overcome barriers such as homelessness, addiction, hunger and social isolation and reach their full potential.”
the country; the establishment;	The report includes several ideas for how to support the cryptocurrency space in the country, including the establishment of a regulatory sandbox.
Technologies; STONEWALL;	Technologies such as STONEWALL, which introduces mathematically provable doubt between a transaction’s sender and recipient.
products; Incubed;	Additionally, Blockchains will support further development and expansion of slock.it’s existing products, including Incubed, which connects internet of things (IoT) devices to the Ethereum blockchain, and its IoT-layer solution that addresses the security and interoperability problems in many existing IoT systems.
Brazilian regulators; the country;	Brazilian regulators, including the country’s central bank, are reportedly aware of the BNDES stablecoin project and have been discussing the associated legal matters.
applications; YouTube;	In the future, we'd like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
applications; Alipay;	In the future, we'd like to see applications such as YouTube, Alipay, and gaming giants like Tencent and Blizzard run on blockchain, and Neo 3.0 will allow these big organizations to do that.”
indicators; the relative strength;	In this scenario, he mentioned he would also look for decreased volume and lower highs on indicators such as the relative strength index (RSI).
Mexico; Queretáro;	CoinDesk reports that blockchain company, Amero-Isatek, has announced that it will launch a physical crypto exchange in Monterrey, Nuevo León on June 21, with plans to expand to seven more locations in Mexico, including Queretáro, Sinaloa, Quintana Roo, Jalisco, South Lower California, and Yucatán.
Mexico; Sinaloa;	CoinDesk reports that blockchain company, Amero-Isatek, has announced that it will launch a physical crypto exchange in Monterrey, Nuevo León on June 21, with plans to expand to seven more locations in Mexico, including Queretáro, Sinaloa, Quintana Roo, Jalisco, South Lower California, and Yucatán.
Mexico; Quintana;	CoinDesk reports that blockchain company, Amero-Isatek, has announced that it will launch a physical crypto exchange in Monterrey, Nuevo León on June 21, with plans to expand to seven more locations in Mexico, including Queretáro, Sinaloa, Quintana Roo, Jalisco, South Lower California, and Yucatán.
challenges; disinformation;	Right off the get go, Voice is setting itself apart from Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, all of which face significant challenges with disinformation, abuse, bots, and other challenges.
challenges; abuse;	Right off the get go, Voice is setting itself apart from Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, all of which face significant challenges with disinformation, abuse, bots, and other challenges.
challenges; bots;	Right off the get go, Voice is setting itself apart from Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram, all of which face significant challenges with disinformation, abuse, bots, and other challenges.
recent upsets; the Binance;	Market participants will now be waiting to see if Bitcoin can correct upwards from its latest losses, in line with recoveries from other recent upsets such as the Binance hack.
attractions; pools;	The walls of the building are transparent to let users enjoy the swimming pools, slides and other attractions of the water park, which would cover the entire building.
attractions; slides;	The walls of the building are transparent to let users enjoy the swimming pools, slides and other attractions of the water park, which would cover the entire building.
information; the name;	Although public and transparent, blockchain-based transactions are mainly made through pseudo-anonymous alphanumeric addresses without any attribution to personal identification information such as the name, location, address, transaction bank, etc.
information; location;	Although public and transparent, blockchain-based transactions are mainly made through pseudo-anonymous alphanumeric addresses without any attribution to personal identification information such as the name, location, address, transaction bank, etc.
information; address;	Although public and transparent, blockchain-based transactions are mainly made through pseudo-anonymous alphanumeric addresses without any attribution to personal identification information such as the name, location, address, transaction bank, etc.
information; transaction;	Although public and transparent, blockchain-based transactions are mainly made through pseudo-anonymous alphanumeric addresses without any attribution to personal identification information such as the name, location, address, transaction bank, etc.
top coins; privacy;	Other top coins including privacy coin Monero (XMR) have seen their hashrates fall dramatically, which Richards suggests could be a “potential flagging in longer-term market confidence.”
popular exchanges; Coinbase;	All you need do is buy bitcoin now from popular exchanges such as Coinbase or Binance and enjoy the borderless restrictions the cryptocurrency has to offer.
popular exchanges; Binance;	All you need do is buy bitcoin now from popular exchanges such as Coinbase or Binance and enjoy the borderless restrictions the cryptocurrency has to offer.
operations; hashing;	Developers will have the possibility to work with operations such as hashing, key generation and encryption.
operations; key generation;	Developers will have the possibility to work with operations such as hashing, key generation and encryption.
operations; encryption;	Developers will have the possibility to work with operations such as hashing, key generation and encryption.
features; hashing;	This will open a new opportunity for app developers to integrate such features as hashing, key generation, and encryption.
features; key generation;	This will open a new opportunity for app developers to integrate such features as hashing, key generation, and encryption.
algorithms; cryptographic hashes;	RandomX includes cryptographic hashes and other algorithms in a computational framework that matches the strengths of the Central Processing Units (CPUs) used with personal computers.
major cryptocurrencies; ETH;	Other major cryptocurrencies such as ETH, BCH, LTC, and BNB have also lost a significant part of their value ranging from 5 to 12 percent each on a 24-hour basis.
major cryptocurrencies; BCH;	Other major cryptocurrencies such as ETH, BCH, LTC, and BNB have also lost a significant part of their value ranging from 5 to 12 percent each on a 24-hour basis.
major cryptocurrencies; LTC;	Other major cryptocurrencies such as ETH, BCH, LTC, and BNB have also lost a significant part of their value ranging from 5 to 12 percent each on a 24-hour basis.
—; the United;	As reported this weekend, the Binance DEX website has recently announced it will implement geo-blocking to prevent website access to users from 29 different countries as of July 1, 2019 — including the United States, Belarus, Cuba, Iran, Syria and Venezuela.
enterprises; Microsoft;	Ethereum’s public blockchain network is becoming increasingly more popular as some of the world’s largest enterprises, including Microsoft, Ernst & Young, and Deloitte, now work on top of Ethereum to develop new and innovative tools.
enterprises; Ernst;	Ethereum’s public blockchain network is becoming increasingly more popular as some of the world’s largest enterprises, including Microsoft, Ernst & Young, and Deloitte, now work on top of Ethereum to develop new and innovative tools.
problems; some backdoor dealings;	Making an example of companies that had some backdoor dealings and other problems is certainly not beyond the scope of our Justice Department.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Starting at 8:00 pm PT today, all OKCoin users can participate in euro spot trading for leading digital assets such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Bitcoin Cash, with more digital asset pairs being added soon.
digital assets; Ethereum;	Starting at 8:00 pm PT today, all OKCoin users can participate in euro spot trading for leading digital assets such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Bitcoin Cash, with more digital asset pairs being added soon.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	Starting at 8:00 pm PT today, all OKCoin users can participate in euro spot trading for leading digital assets such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Bitcoin Cash, with more digital asset pairs being added soon.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	As the second largest currency in the world, the euro becomes the latest addition to OKCoin’s fast-growing stable of fiat currencies and leading digital assets such as Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Decred, EOS, Litecoin, 0x, Stellar, Tron, XRP, Zcash, and others.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	As the second largest currency in the world, the euro becomes the latest addition to OKCoin’s fast-growing stable of fiat currencies and leading digital assets such as Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Cardano, Ethereum, Ethereum Classic, Decred, EOS, Litecoin, 0x, Stellar, Tron, XRP, Zcash, and others.
major cryptoassets; Bitcoin;	It provides its customers with a fiat-to-crypto trading platform for major cryptoassets including Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Litecoin (LTC), and Ethereum Classic (ETC).
big companies; Coinbase;	When discussing why Bitcoin is known for such high transaction fees, sometimes becoming prohibitive to being used for payments, Lee puts at least some of the blame on big companies such as Coinbase, where Lee himself used to work:
non-food items; baby;	It is planning to add 100 products more, including non-food items such as baby products.
items; meat;	As reported by Reuters on June 3, Carrefour’s blockchain tracking system brings transparency to the origin of food products by enabling customers to track the supply chain of 20 items, including meat, milk, and fruit, from farm to store
items; milk;	As reported by Reuters on June 3, Carrefour’s blockchain tracking system brings transparency to the origin of food products by enabling customers to track the supply chain of 20 items, including meat, milk, and fruit, from farm to store
products; non-food items;	Since Carrefour’s blockchain-based tracking system proved a success, the retail giant plans to add 100 more products, including non-food items this year.
issues; acceptable methods;	The instruction will specifically cover issues such as acceptable methods for calculation cost basis, cost basis assignment; and tax treatment of forks.
exchanges; Bitstamp;	By CCN: In the past 12 hours, the bitcoin price dropped $7,432 on regulated crypto exchanges such as Bitstamp, recording a 19 percent drop in a span of nine days.
coins; holdings;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Bitcoin.com Markets, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
coins; BCH;	Also, keep up with your holdings, BCH and other coins, on our market charts at Bitcoin.com Markets, another original and free service from Bitcoin.com.
altcoins; XRP;	Since altcoins have such a massive correlation with Bitcoin and the price of Bitcoin, at press time, had slipped down by more than 12% in over a day, it might seem highly unlikely that XRP and other altcoins can push higher.
digital assets; risks;	The commission also “advises members of the public to be mindful of the risks related to trading in digital assets, including risks of trading on exchanges that are not registered with the SC.”
departments; the Department;	The Economic Times article also reported that “A number of government departments including the Department of Economic Affairs (DEA), Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) and the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (IEPFA) have endorsed the idea of a complete ban on the sale, purchase and issuance of all types of cryptocurrency,” citing the unnamed government official.
local banks; Russia;	Those suppliers will be able to receive funds through financing by local banks such as Russia’s largest private bank Alfa-Bank, Pervouralskbank and Bank National Factoring Co, as well as factoring-specializing firm GPB-Factoring.
firms; Pfizer;	Previously, global retail giant Walmart was reported to have joined blockchain-based pharmaceutical consortium MediLedger, following major industry firms including Pfizer.
cryptocurrencies; Litecoin;	If the index is on the way down, traders exchange their bitcoins for other cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin or Cardano.
cryptocurrencies; Cardano;	If the index is on the way down, traders exchange their bitcoins for other cryptocurrencies such as Litecoin or Cardano.
large-scale enterprises; SWIFT;	Chainlink is used to provide secure, as well as reliable oracle services to large-scale enterprises such as SWIFT and to smart contract developer teams.
percentages; rates;	“A common unit of measure for interest rates and other percentages in finance.
sensitive data; credit;	The tactic employed by most scammers on Facebook involves phishing sensitive data such as credit card information.
top celebrities; Katy;	Celebrity impersonation of top celebrities such as Katy Perry and Elon Musk has witnessed thousands of investors being scammed through tweets.
crimes; cryptocurrency;	Frauds/extortions where payment is taken from the victim in cryptocurrency and other crimes where payment for criminal goods/services is made in cryptocurrency.
networks; SWIFT;	Ripple currently wants to compete with different other systems and networks, including SWIFT.
Asia; the yen;	For many users based in Asia, although the dollar remains a frequently quoted reserve currency, trading pairs with reserve currencies in Asia such as the yen or the Korean won could be compelling for local investors.
Asia; the Korean won;	For many users based in Asia, although the dollar remains a frequently quoted reserve currency, trading pairs with reserve currencies in Asia such as the yen or the Korean won could be compelling for local investors.
items; various virtual items;	Once completing the challenges users earn “AZA credits” which can be used to buy in game items such as various virtual items, or currency.
thieves; ones;	Desperation of internet thieves, especially ones that are related to cryptocurrency is quite alarming on daily basis.
information; browser payment;	According to report, the malware will head in to steal information such as browser payment information, 2FA authenticator databases, cryptocurrency wallets, browser cookies, saved login credentials and others.
wallets; multisig;	Aside from this, the hard fork will include an upgrade designed to increase the Grin wallet’s flexibility and usability — specifically an improvement to its so-dubbed “bulletproof rewind scheme,” which will enable new kinds of wallets including multisig and watch-only wallets, which allow users to detect their outputs, but not spend them.
wallets; watch-only wallets;	Aside from this, the hard fork will include an upgrade designed to increase the Grin wallet’s flexibility and usability — specifically an improvement to its so-dubbed “bulletproof rewind scheme,” which will enable new kinds of wallets including multisig and watch-only wallets, which allow users to detect their outputs, but not spend them.
exchanges; names;	As previously reported, in order to combat tax evasion in the industry, the Japanese government is preparing a new system that will authorize the National Tax Agency (NTA) to request revenue information from crypto exchanges, including names and addresses.
exchanges; addresses;	As previously reported, in order to combat tax evasion in the industry, the Japanese government is preparing a new system that will authorize the National Tax Agency (NTA) to request revenue information from crypto exchanges, including names and addresses.
activity; margin;	The lower house suggested legal amendments intending to tighten local regulations on cryptocurrency trading activity, including margin trading.
coins; monero;	The revised laws still do not directly regulate anonymous cryptocurrencies or privacy coins such as monero and zcash.
coins; zcash;	The revised laws still do not directly regulate anonymous cryptocurrencies or privacy coins such as monero and zcash.
activities; dissemination;	The FIEA prohibits anyone from engaging in activities such as dissemination of rumors, usage of fraudulent means for purposes of selling or purchasing or engagement in any transaction in respect to crypto assets or for purposes of engagement in any crypto asset derivative transactions and the likes.
new initiatives; STO;	As new initiatives such as STO are becoming possible, the boundaries between virtual currency and existing finance may be overlapping more and more.”
regulations; protection;	We continue to prioritize customer protection and other regulations where appropriate, while making sure that they will not be too much for the industry to grow further.“
orders; a Cabinet;	Ahead of the enforcement day, the FSA is going to release government orders including a Cabinet Office Ordinance, which determines how the law will be enforced.
new economy; videos;	They are also focusing on monetized videos and other new economy staples.
Crypto-related challenges; customer;	Crypto-related challenges such as customer protection and money laundering will be discussed at the summit.
cryptocurrencies; bitcoin;	The biggest issue concerning the G20 is a potential loophole money launderers can exploit through bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies.
various cryptos; Bitcoin;	Now, it looks like Kik is not far away from their $5 million goal, as it is being reported that they have already raised over $4.3 million through donations in various cryptos, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and many other top currencies.
various cryptos; Ethereum;	Now, it looks like Kik is not far away from their $5 million goal, as it is being reported that they have already raised over $4.3 million through donations in various cryptos, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and many other top currencies.
various cryptos; Litecoin;	Now, it looks like Kik is not far away from their $5 million goal, as it is being reported that they have already raised over $4.3 million through donations in various cryptos, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and many other top currencies.
cryptocurrency; exchanges;	Cumulatively, an approximate of 23,200,000 XRP has been stolen so far by the attacker[s] from over 80-90 victims and 13 million XRP from these stolen funds, according to Silkjær, have already been laundered through exchanges and other cryptocurrency mixing services available.
various exchanges; Binance;	The funds were reportedly laundered through various exchanges, including Binance, HitBTC, Exmo, KuCoin, and Huobi.
various exchanges; HitBTC;	The funds were reportedly laundered through various exchanges, including Binance, HitBTC, Exmo, KuCoin, and Huobi.
various exchanges; Exmo;	The funds were reportedly laundered through various exchanges, including Binance, HitBTC, Exmo, KuCoin, and Huobi.
various exchanges; KuCoin;	The funds were reportedly laundered through various exchanges, including Binance, HitBTC, Exmo, KuCoin, and Huobi.
Russia; trade;	Warning that further American dominance in technology will likely lead to increased sanctions and other problems for Russia, including trade and tariff imbalances.
Russia; tariff;	Warning that further American dominance in technology will likely lead to increased sanctions and other problems for Russia, including trade and tariff imbalances.
important players; exchanges;	It was reported that Facebook was in talks with payment providers, cryptocurrency exchanges, regulatory bodies, and other important players in the finance and technology space for its listing requirements.
important players; regulatory bodies;	It was reported that Facebook was in talks with payment providers, cryptocurrency exchanges, regulatory bodies, and other important players in the finance and technology space for its listing requirements.
different applications; Facebook;	Indeed, some news sites said that the company has been building its own digital currency that is could be used in different applications including Facebook, Messenger, WhatsApp and Instagram.
different applications; Messenger;	Indeed, some news sites said that the company has been building its own digital currency that is could be used in different applications including Facebook, Messenger, WhatsApp and Instagram.
different applications; WhatsApp;	Indeed, some news sites said that the company has been building its own digital currency that is could be used in different applications including Facebook, Messenger, WhatsApp and Instagram.
different applications; Instagram;	Indeed, some news sites said that the company has been building its own digital currency that is could be used in different applications including Facebook, Messenger, WhatsApp and Instagram.
apps; WhatsApp;	The coin will be used to store, trade and exchange value on Facebook apps, including WhatsApp and Messenger.
apps; Messenger;	The coin will be used to store, trade and exchange value on Facebook apps, including WhatsApp and Messenger.
financial giants; banks;	These node operators will purportedly pay $10 million for the opportunity, which leads one to speculate that established financial giants such as banks could potentially host Facebook’s blockchain network.
platforms; WhatsApp;	Also revealed in the report, is that Facebook’s cryptocurrency, dubbed GlobalCoin, will be integrated as a payment tool on Facebook’s sister social media platforms, including WhatsApp, Messenger, and Instagram.
platforms; Messenger;	Also revealed in the report, is that Facebook’s cryptocurrency, dubbed GlobalCoin, will be integrated as a payment tool on Facebook’s sister social media platforms, including WhatsApp, Messenger, and Instagram.
cryptocurrencies; term;	“Longer term, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are now in a long-term bull market.
cryptocurrencies; Bitcoin;	“Longer term, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are now in a long-term bull market.
any funds; cryptocurrencies;	“A money transmitter is any person engaged in the transfer of funds — any funds, including cryptocurrencies and bitcoin.
any funds; bitcoin;	“A money transmitter is any person engaged in the transfer of funds — any funds, including cryptocurrencies and bitcoin.
mixed coins; Monero;	Bitcoin SV was in the news recently after Riccardo Spagni, Chief Developer at Monero, called out Craig Wright for an article written by the latter which stated that “Monero and other mixed coins are engaged in the activity of money transfers and money handling.” The article added,
significant risks; instability;	As a result, they will not pose significant risks such as instability to the financial systems.
coins; Ripple;	This makes Ripple and other coins free from posing any risks to the stability of financial systems in the euro market.
login; seeds;	The attack focused on getting a malicious package into the build chain for Agama and stealing the wallet seeds and other login passphrases used within the application.
financial institutions; providers;	‘’xRapid is for payment providers and other financial institutions who want to minimize liquidity costs while improving their customer experience.
digital assets; Bitcoin;	This is the first time the BIS general manager is casting Bitcoin and other digital assets in a positive light.
well-known influencers; Vitalik;	Notably, even well-known influencers such as Vitalik Buterin, creator of Ethereum, Arianna Simpson, Founder and Managing Director of Autonomous Partners, and Benjamin Roberts, CEO of Ether Capital Corp, have spoken highly of the project.
major financial institutions; UBS;	It wasn’t that long ago that the CFTC sacked hefty fines on major financial institutions including UBS and Deutsche Bank for “spoofing techniques” and manipulation in the U.S. commodities markets.
major financial institutions; Deutsche;	It wasn’t that long ago that the CFTC sacked hefty fines on major financial institutions including UBS and Deutsche Bank for “spoofing techniques” and manipulation in the U.S. commodities markets.
market; Coinbase;	Bitcoin exchanges that give retail investors the opportunity to trade cryptocurrencies in the spot market such as Coinbase and Gemini work hand in hand with regulators to remain compliant.
market; Gemini;	Bitcoin exchanges that give retail investors the opportunity to trade cryptocurrencies in the spot market such as Coinbase and Gemini work hand in hand with regulators to remain compliant.
the crypto space; VanEck;	To date, the Commission has rejected a number of Bitcoin ETF proposals by several leaders in the crypto space including VanEck, Gemini and Bitwise, with critics accusing the SEC of dragging its feet and causing talent to flee the US in search of a more crypto-friendly environment.
the crypto space; Gemini;	To date, the Commission has rejected a number of Bitcoin ETF proposals by several leaders in the crypto space including VanEck, Gemini and Bitwise, with critics accusing the SEC of dragging its feet and causing talent to flee the US in search of a more crypto-friendly environment.
the crypto space; Bitwise;	To date, the Commission has rejected a number of Bitcoin ETF proposals by several leaders in the crypto space including VanEck, Gemini and Bitwise, with critics accusing the SEC of dragging its feet and causing talent to flee the US in search of a more crypto-friendly environment.
tech giants; Facebook;	Initiatives from tech giants such as Facebook and Apple, with billions of users and consumers already on board, are in a position to spark mainstream adoption on their own, without waiting on Wall Street or the SEC to develop and regulate new instruments.
tech giants; Apple;	Initiatives from tech giants such as Facebook and Apple, with billions of users and consumers already on board, are in a position to spark mainstream adoption on their own, without waiting on Wall Street or the SEC to develop and regulate new instruments.
different eras; Byron;	The roadmap shows some clear themes and detailed functional components for different eras, including Byron, Shelley, Goguen, Basho and Voltaire.
different eras; Shelley;	The roadmap shows some clear themes and detailed functional components for different eras, including Byron, Shelley, Goguen, Basho and Voltaire.
different eras; Goguen;	The roadmap shows some clear themes and detailed functional components for different eras, including Byron, Shelley, Goguen, Basho and Voltaire.
different eras; Basho;	The roadmap shows some clear themes and detailed functional components for different eras, including Byron, Shelley, Goguen, Basho and Voltaire.
different eras; Voltaire;	The roadmap shows some clear themes and detailed functional components for different eras, including Byron, Shelley, Goguen, Basho and Voltaire.
goals; “ marketing;	For the year ahead, its goals including “marketing” and “more to be announced.” Call me cynical, but a Bitcoin fork coming out of nowhere (registering its website in 2019) and offering solutions to all of Bitcoin’s problems smells decidedly like a scam.
mainstream; Visa;	Facebook is purportedly seeking funding from Visa, Mastercard, and other mainstream firms, and has even been in discussion with crypto exchanges Gemini and Coinbase.
mainstream; Mastercard;	Facebook is purportedly seeking funding from Visa, Mastercard, and other mainstream firms, and has even been in discussion with crypto exchanges Gemini and Coinbase.
outlets; CryptoGlobe;	Speaking to TheBlock, Karpeles clarified a recent report published by the Associated Press (AP) that several news outlets, including CryptoGlobe, picked up on.
coins; bitcoin;	Other top ten coins such as bitcoin cash (BCH), stellar (XLM) and eos (EOS) are seeing milder gains of between 1 and 3%.
top altcoins; ethereum;	However, in May the currency tracked with top altcoins such as ethereum and litecoin, in addition to its negative correlation with the S&P 500.
top altcoins; litecoin;	However, in May the currency tracked with top altcoins such as ethereum and litecoin, in addition to its negative correlation with the S&P 500.
rating; Poloniex;	In January, independent analysts at ICORating gave 16% of the world’s biggest cryptocurrency trading platforms an A rating, including Poloniex (A-) among the top three most secure exchanges globally.
trading; CLAM;	Following the event which now sees lenders suffering for defaulted borrowers, Poloniex has taken steps to remove an additional 4 assets from margin trading, including CLAM, BTS, FCT, and MAID.
trading; BTS;	Following the event which now sees lenders suffering for defaulted borrowers, Poloniex has taken steps to remove an additional 4 assets from margin trading, including CLAM, BTS, FCT, and MAID.
trading; FCT;	Following the event which now sees lenders suffering for defaulted borrowers, Poloniex has taken steps to remove an additional 4 assets from margin trading, including CLAM, BTS, FCT, and MAID.
coins; Monero;	By CCN: The CEO of Binance cryptocurrency exchange, Changpeng Zhao, has predicted that India’s proposed anti-crypto bill will spur the adoption of privacy coins such as Monero and ZCash in the country.
coins; ZCash;	By CCN: The CEO of Binance cryptocurrency exchange, Changpeng Zhao, has predicted that India’s proposed anti-crypto bill will spur the adoption of privacy coins such as Monero and ZCash in the country.
non-privacy; Bitcoin;	While private, transactions involving Bitcoin and other non-privacy focused cryptocurrencies are not anonymous.
the exchange; QTUM;	Per the announcement, after June 21, U.S. traders won’t be able to access a slew of coins listed on the exchange, including QTUM and STORJ.
the exchange; STORJ;	Per the announcement, after June 21, U.S. traders won’t be able to access a slew of coins listed on the exchange, including QTUM and STORJ.
countries; the U.S;	As reported last week, the decentralized exchange developed by top cryptocurrency exchange Binance will block website access to users based in 29 countries, including the U.S.
PoW-based digital coins; Bitcoin;	Apart from PoW-based digital coins such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, another token- EOS network’s centralization has always been debated.
PoW-based digital coins; Ethereum;	Apart from PoW-based digital coins such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, another token- EOS network’s centralization has always been debated.
platforms; Messenger;	It will be made to integrate with Facebook's multiple social media platforms, including Messenger and WhatsApp.
platforms; WhatsApp;	It will be made to integrate with Facebook's multiple social media platforms, including Messenger and WhatsApp.
alt-cons; XRP.;	On Twitter this week, the long-time anti-establishment figure, known for his segment on RT, claimed that Facebook’s digital asset, dubbed “Globalcoin” according to some reports, “obviates [the] need for hundreds of alt-cons including XRP.” Keiser goes on to state that the altcoin apocalypse is nigh, looking to the fact that Globalcoin will likely decimate any need for any other digital medium of exchange, save for Bitcoin, which also acts as a store of value.
alt-cons; XRP;	The $FB global stable coin… FaceCoin obviates need for hundreds of alt-cons including XRP.
cryptocurrencies; XRP;	Can Facebook’s GlobalCoin present a major threat to XRP and other cryptocurrencies?
alt-cons; XRP;	The $FB global stable coin… FaceCoin obviates need for hundreds of alt-cons including XRP.
applications; the social network;	Apparently, users will be able to transact funds in the social network and other applications connected to it, including WhatsApp, Messenger and even Instagram.
Countries; Chile;	Countries such as Chile, Colombia, Peru, Brazil, and Argentina, show strong volume surges during the last few weeks, according to data provided by LocalBitcoins.
Countries; Colombia;	Countries such as Chile, Colombia, Peru, Brazil, and Argentina, show strong volume surges during the last few weeks, according to data provided by LocalBitcoins.
Countries; Peru;	Countries such as Chile, Colombia, Peru, Brazil, and Argentina, show strong volume surges during the last few weeks, according to data provided by LocalBitcoins.
Countries; Brazil;	Countries such as Chile, Colombia, Peru, Brazil, and Argentina, show strong volume surges during the last few weeks, according to data provided by LocalBitcoins.
